{"name": "Baked Bourbon and Brown Sugar Salmon Nuggets", "prep": "15 mins", "cook": "35 mins", "additional": "15 mins", "total": "65 mins", "servings": "6", "yield": "6 servings", "ingredients": ["8 ounces honey roasted peanuts", "1 tablespoon ground black pepper", "6 tablespoons butter", "1 cup packed brown sugar", "\u2154 cup bourbon whiskey (such as Jack Daniel's\u00ae)", "\u2153 cup soy sauce", "1 tablespoon crushed garlic", "1 teaspoon onion powder", "1\u2009\u00bd pounds salmon fillet, skinned", "1 serving cooking spray (Optional)"], "steps": ["Expensive restaurant dish that's best enjoyed in the comfort (and budget) of your own home. This recipe is a great base to enjoy as-is or play with to suit your creative tastes. This dish packs a flavor punch, so use milder side dishes like a rice pilaf and your favorite green beans to cool down the taste buds between bites and avoid sensation overload. It doesn't have to be expensive, but it does taste expensive! Have fun with it and share your variations in the reviews section to help inspire others.", "Place peanuts in a large resealable bag and pound into fine crumbs with a rolling pin, meat mallet, or flat side of a can. Add pepper; mix well.", "Melt butter in a nonstick saucepan over medium heat. Add brown sugar, bourbon, soy sauce, garlic, and onion powder. Bring to a boil; cook until sauce thickens and has a syrupy consistency, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool until it is still hot to the touch but not scalding, about 5 minutes.", "Cut thinner parts of salmon fillets into strips and place in a small bowl. Coat with a little bit of the sauce. Cut thicker parts of salmon fillets into 1-inch cubes and place in the saucepan; stir to coat with sauce. Let sit until flavors combine, about 10 minutes.", "Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Grease a large glass baking dish with cooking spray.", "Place strips of salmon on one side of the baking dish and cubes on the other, making sure all pieces are coated with sauce but not overlapping. Sprinkle peanut and black pepper mixture evenly on top.", "Bake in the preheated oven until strips flake easily with a fork, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the dish and continue baking until cubes flake easily with a fork, about 5 minutes more.", "This recipe is forgiving! Frozen salmon, cheap bourbon, dollar store peanuts - it all works well. Or use a variety of fish on sale at the local market. Adjust it to your taste!", "If you like it spicier, add Cajun spice instead of pepper. Substitute margarine for the butter if preferred. Use 1/2 cup diced onion instead of the onion powder if desired."], "nutrition facts": "670 calories; protein 38.7g; carbohydrates 51.7g; fat 27.7g; cholesterol 81mg; sodium 1130.4mg"}