{"id": "228358", "imgUrl": "https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F874979.jpg", "name": "Bip's Ripe Tomato Relish", "prep": "1 hr", "cook": "2 hrs 45 mins", "additional": "2 hrs", "total": "5 hrs 45 mins", "servings": "48", "yield": "7 pint jars", "ingredients": ["12 large tomatoes, peeled and chopped", "4 large yellow onions, chopped", "3 cups apple cider vinegar", "2 tablespoons salt", "2 teaspoons ground cloves", "2 teaspoons ground ginger", "2 teaspoons ground cinnamon", "4 large apples - peeled, cored and chopped", "7 (1 pint) canning jars with lids and rings, or as needed"], "db": " 12 large tomatoes, peeled and chopped 4 large yellow onions, chopped 3 cups apple cider vinegar 2 tablespoons salt 2 teaspoons ground cloves 2 teaspoons ground ginger 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon 4 large apples - peeled, cored and chopped 7 (1 pint) canning jars with lids and rings, or as needed", "steps": ["My Mississippi grandmother, Bip, would be well over 120 years old if still alive today. Yet she is still living in our thoughts, often because we still enjoy so many of her recipes. This is one that my family has enjoyed for many, many years and always gets passed down to the next generation. Its tart but sweet taste adds to any dish. We use it as a condiment for meats, salads, eggs, or as a spread with cream cheese and fancy crackers. I've even stuffed jalapenos with it. Its uses are limited only by one's imagination. It's a deliciously wonderful relish to have on hand.", "Combine tomatoes, onions, apple cider vinegar, salt, cloves, ginger, and cinnamon in a large stock pot over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer until tomatoes have broken down and liquid has reduced by 1/3, about 2 hours. Stir apples into the relish and simmer, stirring occasionally, until apple pieces have started to break down but are still small pieces, about 30 more minutes.", "Sterilize jars, lids, and rings in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the tomato relish into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.", "Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 15 minutes.", "Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.", "In peeling the tomatoes, it's very helpful to place each tomato in a pot of boiling water, removing them with a large slotted spoon after about 1 minute. As the tomatoes cool, the skin slides off very easily in large sections.", "After simmering the apples for about 20 minutes, I use a potato masher to press the remaining apple pieces against the bottom/sides of the pot to aid in their disintegration. Since I much prefer the relish a little on the chunky side, I've resisted the temptation to use a hand-held blender or food processor."], "nutrition facts": "26 calories; protein 0.6g; carbohydrates 5.7g; fat 0.2g; sodium 294.6mg"}