{"name": "Block Party Fruit Cookies", "prep": "30 mins", "additional": "15 mins", "total": "45 mins", "servings": "18", "yield": "18 cookies", "ingredients": ["1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened", "1 cup white sugar", "None", "1 (16 ounce) package strawberries, finely chopped", "1 (6 ounce) container fresh blackberries", "1 (6 ounce) container fresh blueberries", "1 (6 ounce) container fresh raspberries", "1 (8 ounce) container chocolate shell topping (such as Saco\u00ae Dolci frutta)"], "steps": ["This is such a simple recipe but it has become an annual favorite at our neighborhood block party. It's a huge hit wherever I serve it and my friends make me bring it to every get-together! This is a variation of the popular fruit pizza recipe but I use cookies because the portions are smaller, easier for people to handle and faster to prepare. Serve as soon as possible because the strawberry juice tends to run.", "Beat cream cheese and sugar together in a bowl until creamy; refrigerate mixture until firm, about 15 minutes. Spread cream cheese mixture onto each sugar cookie. Cover cream cheese layer with strawberries, leaving a small edge of cream cheese to keep strawberry juice contained. Decorate each cookie with blackberries, blueberries and raspberries.", "Warm chocolate shell topping in a microwave-safe bowl, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Pour chocolate into a plastic freezer bag. Snip one corner off the bag with scissors; pipe chocolate onto cookies. Refrigerate cookies until ready to serve.", "I use store bought bakery sugar cookies (you don't have to wait for them to cook or cool!). I recommend using the chocolate shell because it hardens, while other chocolate runs making the cookie a brown unappetizing mess. I usually serve on a round serving tray and I prepare a chocolate-covered strawberry as the centerpiece and sprinkle left over fruit around the rest of the tray. I use an OXO(R) Good Grips chopper to make the strawberry relish."], "nutrition facts": "257 calories; protein 2.5g; carbohydrates 32.8g; fat 13.9g; cholesterol 21.3mg; sodium 98.1mg"}