{"name": "Butternut Mascarpone Gnocchi", "prep": "30 mins", "cook": "30 mins", "additional": "8 hrs", "total": "8 hrs 60 mins", "servings": "12", "yield": "12 servings", "ingredients": ["1 pound butternut squash", "1 cup mascarpone cheese", "\u00bd cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese", "2 large eggs", "1\u2009\u00bd teaspoons salt", "\u00bd teaspoon ground black pepper", "1 cup all-purpose flour, divided", "\u00bd cup unsalted butter", "1 pinch cayenne pepper", "salt and ground black pepper to taste", "\u00bc cup thinly sliced fresh sage leaves", "1 tablespoon finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese"], "steps": ["When I tell people I don't like gnocchi, I always have to clarify that I'm talking about the traditional, potato-dough style dumplings, and not the much easier and lighter, cheese-based versions, like this one featuring butternut squash and mascarpone cheese. Prepare your palate for some incredibly light, tender, and delicious gnocchi.", "Trim stem and cut butternut squash in half lengthwise. Place in a microwave-safe dish, cover with plastic wrap, and microwave until tender, about 8 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to cool. Discard skin and set squash aside.", "Whisk mascarpone cheese, 1/2 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, eggs, salt, and black pepper in a bowl until smooth. Whisk in butternut squash until blended.", "Whisk in 1/2 cup flour until just incorporated. Whisk in remaining 1/2 cup flour, stirring until flour just disappears. Cover and refrigerate for at least 8 hours or overnight.", "Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.", "Melt about 1/3 of the butter in large nonstick skillet; remove from heat.", "Scoop out approximately 1 1/2 teaspoons of the butternut squash dough with a spoon. Using a second spoon, push the dough off the first spoon and into the boiling water. Repeat with remaining dough, working in batches of 12 to 15 gnocchi at a time. When a gnocchi rise to the surface, cook for 1 additional minute, then transfer with a slotted spoon to the melted butter in the skillet.", "Place the skillet over medium-high heat; cook gnocchi until golden brown on one side, about 3 minutes. Season with cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper. Turn gnocchi over and stir in sage leaves. Cook until second side is golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to plate and drizzle with browned butter from the skillet. Garnish with 1 tablespoon Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese and serve.", "Chef's Note:", "To make these ahead of time, remove them from the boiling water as they're cooked, drain well, and place on a plastic-wrapped sheet pan to cool. Once cooled to room temperature, they can be carefully wrapped up (in a single layer), and stored in the refrigerator for at least a day, until you are ready to crisp them up in butter."], "nutrition facts": "232 calories; protein 5.4g; carbohydrates 12.8g; fat 18.4g; cholesterol 78mg; sodium 385.4mg"}