{"name": "Canada Day Three Berry Trifle", "prep": "50 mins", "additional": "4 hrs", "total": "4 hrs 50 mins", "servings": "10", "yield": "1 trifle dish", "ingredients": ["2 cups cubed angel food cake", "1 (3 ounce) package raspberry-flavored gelatin mix (such as Jell-O\u00ae)", "3 cups boiling water, divided", "3 cups cold water, divided", "2 cups fresh raspberries", "2 (3.5 ounce) packages instant vanilla pudding mix, divided", "4 cups milk, divided", "1 (3 ounce) package cherry-flavored gelatin mix (such as Jell-O\u00ae)", "2 cups pitted and halved fresh cherries", "1 (3 ounce) package strawberry-flavored gelatin mix (such as Jell-O\u00ae)", "2 cups halved fresh strawberries", "1 (12 ounce) container frozen whipped topping, thawed", "\u00bc cup fresh raspberries, cherries, and strawberries for garnish"], "steps": ["Trifle is my favourite dessert and I have been making it for decades, probably not the same way twice! A good dessert to make when you are doing other things and can walk away and come back to it as you have time. Reserve a few pieces of each fruit for garnish.", "Place cake cubes in the bottom of a trifle bowl. Stir raspberry gelatin and 1 cup boiling water together in a large measuring cup until dissolved; stir in 1 cup cold water. Pour raspberry gelatin mixture over cake cubes; press down. Spread raspberries evenly over top of gelatin; place trifle in refrigerator to chill until set, about 45 minutes.", "Whisk 1 package pudding mix and 2 cups cold milk together in a bowl for 2 minutes. Spread pudding over raspberries in trifle bowl; return trifle to refrigerator to chill until pudding sets, about 45 minutes.", "Stir cherry gelatin and 1 cup boiling water together in a large measuring cup until dissolved; stir in 1 cup cold water. Pour cherry gelatin over pudding in trifle bowl; spread cherries over gelatin. Return trifle to refrigerator to chill until gelatin sets, about 45 minutes.", "Whisk remaining package pudding mix and 2 cups cold milk together in a bowl for 2 minutes. Spread pudding over trifle; chill until pudding sets, about 45 minutes.", "Stir strawberry gelatin and 1 cup boiling water together in a large measuring cup; stir in 1 cup cold water. Pour strawberry gelatin over pudding; spread strawberries over gelatin. Return trifle to refrigerator to chill until completely set, about 1 hour.", "Spread whipped topping over trifle; garnish the top with reserved berries.", "You can use angel food cake, pound cake, or sponge cake for this recipe.", "You can use your choice of raspberry, cherry, or strawberry gelatin, either sugar-free or with sugar.", "I prefer using REAL whipped cream to a frozen and thawed topping but only if the dessert is to be consumed on the day of preparation.", "Some folks like to add sherry, jam, more layers, or less layers. It's a do your own thing! As well, you can customize the fruit, Jell-O(R), and pudding according to the fruits you have available, and frozen and canned work well in a pinch. Bananas, mandarin oranges, and blueberries are favourites and the presentation is always terrific!"], "nutrition facts": "382 calories; protein 7.1g; carbohydrates 66.7g; fat 11.1g; cholesterol 7.8mg; sodium 490.9mg"}