{"name": "Cao Lau (Vietnamese Noodle Bowl)", "prep": "20 mins", "cook": "10 mins", "additional": "1 hr", "total": "1 hr 30 mins", "servings": "6", "yield": "6 servings", "ingredients": ["2 tablespoons soy sauce", "4 cloves garlic, minced, or more to taste", "2 teaspoons Chinese five-spice powder", "2 teaspoons white sugar", "1 teaspoon paprika", "\u00bc teaspoon chicken bouillon granules", "1\u2009\u00bd pounds pork tenderloin, cut into cubes", "2 tablespoons vegetable oil", "2 tablespoons water", "2 pounds fresh thick Vietnamese-style rice noodles", "2 cups bean sprouts", "1 cup torn lettuce leaves", "1 bunch green onions, chopped", "\u00bc cup fresh basil leaves", "\u00bc cup fresh cilantro leaves", "\u00bc cup crispy chow mein noodles, or more to taste"], "steps": ["Cao lau is made with noodles, pork, and greens traditionally found only in the town of Hoi An, Vietnam. This recipe approximates authentic cao lau with easier-to-find ingredients. Use fresh rice noodles about the same thickness of linguine.", "Whisk soy sauce, garlic, Chinese 5-spice, sugar, paprika, and chicken bouillon together in a large glass or ceramic bowl. Add pork cubes and toss to evenly coat. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.", "Remove pork from marinade and shake off excess. Discard remaining marinade.", "Heat oil in a large skillet or wok over medium heat. Cook and stir pork in hot oil until browned, 4 to 7 minutes. Add water; cook and stir until water evaporates and pork is cooked through, about 2 minutes more.", "Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Rinse rice noodles under cold water and gently break noodles apart. Immerse noodles in boiling water until about half tender, about 30 seconds. Add bean sprouts to the water and noodles; continue cooking until tender but still firm to the bite, about 30 seconds more. Drain.", "Combine noodles and pork mixture together in a large serving dish. Top noodles with lettuce, green onion, basil, cilantro, and crispy chow mein.", "Rice noodles are very easy to overcook. They should be quite firm (al dente). They can be overcooked in just a few seconds, turning soggy and pasty. It is best to use fresh Vietnamese-style rice noodles of about 1/4-inch thickness. If you have not cooked with these before, work it out on your own before planning this dish for guests. Don't serve this dish with overcooked noodles.", "You can substitute rice paper croutons or broken chicharonnes for the crispy chow mein noodles.", "The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of the marinade ingredients. The actual amount of the marinade consumed will vary."], "nutrition facts": "488 calories; protein 23.7g; carbohydrates 78.1g; fat 8.1g; cholesterol 49mg; sodium 373mg"}