{"name": "Chef John's Harissa Sauce", "prep": "20 mins", "cook": "15 mins", "additional": "10 mins", "total": "45 mins", "servings": "6", "yield": "6 servings", "ingredients": ["2 red bell peppers, halved and seeded", "6 Fresno chile peppers", "1 habanero pepper", "2 tablespoons vegetable oil", "\u00bc teaspoon caraway seeds, or more to taste", "\u00bc teaspoon coriander seeds, or more to taste", "\u00bd teaspoon ground cumin", "\u00bd teaspoon dried mint", "1 teaspoon kosher salt, or to taste", "4 garlic cloves, peeled", "1 lemon, juiced", "1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil"], "steps": ["Harissa is probably my all-time favorite hot sauce, and one I'm sure you've seen me use in a bunch of recipes here. A small spoonful of this makes virtually any savory dish better.", "Preheat oven's broiler and set the oven rack at about 6 inches from the heat source. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Place red bell peppers with cut sides down onto the prepared baking sheet. Cook under the preheated broiler until the skin of the peppers has blackened and blistered, 5 to 8 minutes. Place the blackened peppers into a bowl and tightly seal with plastic wrap. Allow the peppers to steam as they cool, about 20 minutes. Remove and discard skins.", "Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add Fresno and habanero chiles and cook uncovered over medium heat until vegetables start to soften, about 3 minutes; drain and set aside to cool. Remove seeds and membranes from chiles (wear gloves); set aside.", "Shake coriander and caraway seeds in a skillet over medium heat until you start to smell the spice, about 2 minutes. Use a mortar and pestle to crush toasted seeds; add cumin, mint, and salt, and crush until finely ground. Transfer spices to a blender and add roasted bell peppers, chiles, garlic, lemon juice, and vegetable oil; puree until smooth. Drizzle in extra-virgin olive oil at the end, blending for only a few seconds.", "If you have a gas stove, you may use an open flame to roast the red pepper. Turn heat to medium high and roast pepper over the flame, turning occasionally until the skin has blackened and blistered, 8 to 10 minutes. Place peppers in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let steam. When cool, strip and discard skins.", "Substitute any red chiles for Fresno chiles."], "nutrition facts": "99 calories; protein 1.7g; carbohydrates 9.6g; fat 7.2g; sodium 326.2mg"}