{"name": "Chef John's Grilled Flap Steak", "prep": "10 mins", "cook": "5 mins", "additional": "4 hrs", "total": "4 hrs 15 mins", "servings": "4", "yield": "4 servings", "ingredients": ["2 tablespoons green curry paste", "2 tablespoons fish sauce, or more to taste", "2 tablespoons rice vinegar, or more to taste", "2 tablespoons coconut milk", "freshly ground black pepper to taste", "1 pinch cayenne pepper, or more to taste", "1 pinch salt (Optional)", "2 pounds flap steak, trimmed of fat"], "steps": ["While it did make for some extremely tasty Asian-style lettuce wraps, you can use flap meat in so many other wonderful ways. You should try this in tacos or Philly cheese steak. I used the grilled meat with lettuce, carrots, red onions, chopped peanuts, and cilantro leaves to make a salad. For the dressing I combined the reserved meat juices, sambal, fish sauce, and rice vinegar to taste. I didn't measure anything, and neither should you.", "Whisk curry paste, fish sauce, rice vinegar, coconut milk, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and salt together in a large shallow glass or ceramic bowl. Add the flap steak and turn to evenly coat. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for 4 to 12 hours.", "Remove the flap meat from the marinade and shake off excess. Discard remaining marinade.", "Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate.", "Cook flap steak on the preheated grill until it starts to firm and is reddish-pink and juicy in the center, 2 to 3 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 130 degrees F (54 degrees C). Transfer meat to a plate to rest for at least five minutes before slicing against the grain.", "Footnote:", "You can marinate the steak for 1 hour at room temperature instead of in the refrigerator.", "The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of the marinade ingredients. The actual amount of the marinade consumed will vary."], "nutrition facts": "380 calories; protein 51.1g; carbohydrates 2g; fat 23.3g; cholesterol 102.2mg; sodium 831.5mg"}