{"name": "Chef John's Pourable Pizza", "prep": "10 mins", "additional": "1 hr 30 mins", "total": "1 hr 40 mins", "servings": "4", "yield": "4 (8-inch) pizzas", "ingredients": ["3 cups all-purpose flour", "1 (.25 ounce) package active dry yeast (2 1/4 teaspoons)", "1 teaspoon kosher salt", "1\u2009\u00bd teaspoons honey", "1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more to oil pan", "2 cups warm water (105 degrees F/41 degrees C)", "Pizza sauce", "Favorite pizza toppings"], "steps": ["Besides being kind of fun to make, this pourable pizza method doesn't require kneading or rolling/stretching/spinning. So it's an easy way to achieve a really thin-crust pizza. Plus you get that crispy, near-charred bottom you usually get only from a pizza oven.", "Place flour in mixing bowl with dry yeast, salt, honey, olive oil, and warm water. Whisk together for about 5 minutes. This will be a very thin batter-like dough. Cover and let rise 1 1/2 hours. Dough should be bubbly. Stir with a ladle to eliminate the bubbles.", "Generously oil a cast-iron skillet with olive oil off heat. Pour batter in a squeeze bottle or zip-top bag with a bottom corner snipped. Slowly pour the batter into the skillet starting from the center of the pan and working in circles toward the edge. Try to avoid mixing batter with the oil. If small bubbles of oil appear on the surface, use the tip of a paring knife to gently stir them into the dough.", "Place pan over medium-high heat. Wait for the dough to form bubbles over the entire top surface and the crust starts to dry out a bit. Flip over and continue cooking one side and the next. The bubbly side should be dry and achieve a golden brown color; the bottom should be well browned, about 4 to 5 minutes total per side. Doneness times will depend on how thickly the batter was poured. Remove from heat.", "Spread with pizza sauce and top with your favorite pizza toppings: mozzarella cheese, grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, pepperoni, etc. Try to avoid topping too heavily.", "Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.", "Place pizza under broiler until toppings are cooked, 3 to 4 minutes.", "I used something called double-zero flour or \"00\" flour, which is an Italian flour used for pasta and pizza making. It is very finely milled, and lovely to work with. If you can't get or find it, just use all-purpose. I weigh my flour and used 14 ounces for this recipe, or approximately 3 cups.", "If using a stand mixer to make the dough, use a whisk attachment, not a dough hook!", "You can also finish the pizza in a preheated 500 degree F oven (260 degrees C). Toppings should be cooked through after about 4 or 5 minutes."], "nutrition facts": "388 calories; protein 10.5g; carbohydrates 75.2g; fat 4.4g; sodium 527.7mg"}