{"name": "Cherry Almond Cheesecake on a Stick", "prep": "30 mins", "cook": "40 mins", "additional": "3 hrs", "total": "3 hrs 70 mins", "servings": "16", "yield": "16 cheesecake sticks", "ingredients": ["\u2153 cup chopped dried tart red cherries", "2 tablespoons Kirsch (cherry-flavor brandy) or apple juice", "2 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened", "\u00be cup granulated sugar", "2 tablespoons all-purpose flour", "\u00bd teaspoon almond extract", "2 large eggs, slightly beaten", "\u00bc cup coarsely crushed graham cracker pieces", "16 each round paper lollipop or wooden craft sticks", "2 (10 ounce) bags Ghirardelli\u00ae 60% Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate Baking Chips", "1 cup coarsely chopped toasted almonds, toasted*"], "steps": ["Cherry almond cheesecake is cut into small squares, popped onto sticks, and dipped into chocolate and chopped almonds for pretty little snacks.", "In a small bowl, combine dried cherries and Kirsch. Let stand while preparing cheesecake filling. Line the bottom and sides of an 8x8x2-inch square baking pan with foil, making the foil as smooth as possible.", "Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. For cheesecake filling, in a large bowl, combine cream cheese, sugar, flour, and almond extract; beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until combined. Using a spatula or wooden spoon, stir in eggs (do not over mix). Stir in the cherries, Kirsch, and graham cracker pieces.", "Pour filling into prepared pan. Bake on the middle oven rack for 35 to 40 minutes or until the center appears set when gently shaken.", "Cool cheesecake in the pan on a wire rack for 1 hour. Cover and freeze cheesecake for 2 hours or until firm.", "Line a large tray or plate with parchment paper or waxed paper; set aside. Remove cheesecake from pan. Peel away foil. Using a sharp knife dipped in warm water, cut the cheesecake into 16 small squares. Insert a stick into the side of each piece of cheesecake. Lay on the prepared tray.", "In a large microwave-safe bowl, place the Ghirardelli\u00ae 60% Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate Baking Chips. Microwave on medium power (50 percent) for 1 minute. Remove and stir. If chocolate is not melted, return to microwave and repeat heating step, stirring every 30 seconds to avoid scorching. Stir until smooth. Place almonds in a shallow dish.", "Carefully hold a cheesecake by the stick over the bowl and spoon melted chocolate over the cheesecake pieces, spreading with the back of a spoon to evenly coat. Dip one end of coated pieces into chopped almonds. Return to the prepared tray. If necessary, refrigerate before serving to set. Enjoy immediately or refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 2 days.", "*To toast nuts, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spread nuts in a shallow baking pan. Bake for 5 to 10 minutes or until light brown, watching carefully and shaking once or twice."], "nutrition facts": "386 calories; protein 6.8g; carbohydrates 34.5g; fat 27.7g; cholesterol 54.1mg; sodium 99.7mg"}