{"id": "236705", "imgUrl": "https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F3920635.jpg", "name": "Chicken a la Pizza", "prep": "15 mins", "cook": "8 mins", "additional": "30 mins", "total": "53 mins", "servings": "4", "yield": "4 servings", "ingredients": ["2 (8 ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breasts", "2 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed", "4 small sprigs fresh rosemary, stemmed and roughly chopped", "2 tablespoons sherry vinegar or white wine vinegar", "2 tablespoons Mazola\u00ae Corn Oil", "\u00bc teaspoon salt", "Freshly ground black pepper", "\u00bd red bell pepper, seeded and sliced", "\u00bd green bell pepper, seeded and sliced", "\u00bd yellow onion, thinly sliced", "1 cup crushed tomatoes with oregano, basil, garlic", "2 tablespoons capers", "\u00bd cup shredded reduced-fat mozzarella cheese", "2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley"], "db": " 2 (8 ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breasts 2 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed 4 small sprigs fresh rosemary, stemmed and roughly chopped 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar or white wine vinegar 2 tablespoons Mazola\u00ae Corn Oil \u00bc teaspoon salt Freshly ground black pepper \u00bd red bell pepper, seeded and sliced \u00bd green bell pepper, seeded and sliced \u00bd yellow onion, thinly sliced 1 cup crushed tomatoes with oregano, basil, garlic 2 tablespoons capers \u00bd cup shredded reduced-fat mozzarella cheese 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley", "steps": ["Many of your favorite pizza flavors served on top of marinated and grilled chicken breasts.", "Place 1 chicken breast between two pieces of plastic wrap on a cutting board. Pound chicken with a flat meat mallet or rolling pin until the chicken is 1/2-inch thick. Cut the pounded breast in half and repeat with the other piece of chicken. You will end up with 4 pieces of chicken.", "Place the chicken, garlic, rosemary, sherry vinegar, oil, salt and pepper in a large resealable bag. Seal and place in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes and up to 4 hours.", "Preheat grill pan or large skillet to medium hot.", "Remove the chicken from the marinade and drain; discard any remaining marinade.", "Cook the chicken for about 3 to 4 minutes on one side.", "Mediterranean Topping Option: While the chicken cooks, grill the peppers and onions on the same grill pan or in a skillet sprayed with cooking spray for 2 to 3 minutes.", "Flip the chicken and top each piece with an equal amount of crushed tomatoes, grilled peppers and onions, capers, cheese and parsley. Cook for an additional 3 to 4 minutes until chicken is cooked through and cheese is starting to melt. Serve immediately.", "*Hawaiian Topping Option (see ingredients below): While the chicken cooks, grill the pineapple and onions on the same grill pan or in a skillet sprayed with cooking spray for 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the chicken and top each piece with an equal amount of crushed tomatoes, grilled pineapple and onions, black olives, cheese and parsley. Cook for an additional 3 to 4 minutes until chicken is cooked through and cheese is starting to melt. Serve immediately.", "**Mexican Topping Option (see ingredients below): While the chicken cooks, grill the jalapeno peppers on the same grill pan or in a skillet sprayed with cooking spray for 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the chicken and top each piece with an equal amount of crushed tomatoes, grilled jalapeno peppers, scallions, cheese, cilantro and oregano. Cook for an additional 3 to 4 minutes until chicken is cooked through and cheese is starting to melt. Serve immediately.", "Other Toppings:"], "nutrition facts": "261 calories; protein 28.2g; carbohydrates 7.8g; fat 12.4g; cholesterol 73.6mg; sodium 550.3mg"}