{"name": "Chicken Alfredo Stuffed Manicotti", "prep": "45 mins", "cook": "1 hr 47 mins", "total": "1 hr 92 mins", "servings": "8", "yield": "8 servings", "ingredients": ["4 cups chicken stock, or as needed", "3 skinless, boneless chicken breasts", "1 (8 ounce) package manicotti shells", "3 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, divided", "1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened", "1 (8 ounce) package fresh mushrooms, finely chopped", "\u00bc cup chopped green onions (Optional)", "3 cloves garlic, minced", "2 (16 ounce) jars Alfredo sauce"], "steps": ["Creamy chicken Alfredo stuffed inside manicotti noodles, topped with chicken Alfredo and mozzarella cheese. I created this recipe myself so it is by no means professional. I have never shared a recipe before but my family loves this one so much I figured this would be a good first one.", "Bring chicken stock to a boil in a saucepan. Add chicken breasts. Cook until chicken can be easily pulled apart with a fork, about 30 minutes. Drain and cool until easily handled. Shred using 2 forks.", "Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).", "Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook manicotti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until still firm to the bite, about 7 minutes. Drain.", "Spoon chicken filling into a piping bag, reserving about 1/2 cup of the filling in the bowl. Pipe filling into manicotti.", "Mix remaining Alfredo sauce with reserved chicken filling in the bowl.", "Arrange stuffed manicotti in a baking dish. Cover evenly with Alfredo sauce mixture until there are no dry spots. Sprinkle remaining 1 cup mozzarella cheese on top. Cover baking dish with aluminum foil.", "Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted and sauce is bubbling, about 50 minutes. Remove aluminum foil and continue baking until cheese starts to brown, about 10 minutes.", "All of the ingredients can be cut back on or more added until it is to your liking. I usually make this in double or triple batches.", "You can use this same recipe with lasagna noodles and layer them instead of stuffing, or you can pipe them onto the long cooked lasagna noodles and roll them up.", "You can also make this in disposable pans and cover with heavy-duty aluminum foil and freeze for a quick and easy dinner on nights when you don't feel like standing over the stove.", "Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of chicken stock. The actual amount of chicken stock consumed will vary."], "nutrition facts": "693 calories; protein 31.2g; carbohydrates 29.8g; fat 51.4g; cholesterol 126mg; sodium 1808.8mg"}