{"name": "Chocolate Hockey Pucks", "prep": "15 mins", "cook": "3 mins", "additional": "30 mins", "total": "48 mins", "servings": "16", "yield": "16 hockey pucks", "ingredients": ["16 chocolate sandwich cookies (such as Oreo\u00ae)", "16 chocolate-covered peanut butter cups (such as Reese's\u00ae)", "1 (12 ounce) bag semi-sweet chocolate chips", "2 tablespoons shortening"], "steps": ["Hockey pucks are a new twist on two classic American treats: peanut butter cups and Oreos\u00ae! These take just a few minutes to make and are true crowd pleasers. Make them for your next gathering and watch them fly off the plate!", "Line a baking sheet with waxed paper.", "Split each sandwich cookie open using a paring knife, putting as much filling as possible on one side of the cookie. Arrange cookies on a microwave-safe plate. Place 1 peanut butter cup on the filling-side of each cookie; cover with the remaining cookie top.", "Heat cookie sandwiches in the microwave until chocolate is slightly softened, about 5 seconds. Press cookie sandwich firmly together to adhere both sides of the cookie to the peanut butter cup.", "Place chocolate chips and shortening in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high for 1 minute, remove, stir, and repeat in 30 second increments until chocolate is smooth and melted.", "Dip each cookie sandwich in the melted chocolate mixture, completely covering in chocolate. Allow excess to drip off before placing on waxed paper-lined baking sheet. Hide any finger prints on the cookies with extra melted chocolate. Freeze the 'hockey pucks' until chocolate is hardened, at least 30 minutes.", "Use room temperature peanut butter cups for best results. I use semi-sweet chocolates for dipping. After the chocolate has cooled around the cookie, remove the hockey pucks and pour the remaining melted chocolate on the wax paper and place back in freezer. Harden the chocolate and then store in the fridge/freezer in a resealable bag for later dipping or drizzling on ice cream."], "nutrition facts": "249 calories; protein 3.2g; carbohydrates 29.8g; fat 15g; cholesterol 1mg; sodium 104mg"}