{"name": "Corn Cob Puppies (Corn Dogs)", "prep": "20 mins", "cook": "20 mins", "total": "40 mins", "servings": "8", "yield": "8 corn dogs", "ingredients": ["8 bun-length hot dogs (such as Gwaltney\u00ae Bun Sized Jumbo Franks)", "1 quart vegetable oil for frying", "2 cups all-purpose flour", "1 cup corn meal", "1 cup buttermilk", "2 large eggs", "2 tablespoons white sugar", "2 tablespoons bacon drippings", "2 teaspoons salt", "2 teaspoons baking powder", "1 pinch garlic powder", "8 sturdy bamboo skewers"], "steps": ["This is my own tried and true original corn dog recipe that I have tweaked and modified to my own personal taste. If you like fair dogs, you will love these! After cooking, place corn dog on a towel on a paper plate or wrap in a towel, top with mustard or ketchup, and enjoy!", "Place hot dogs into a large pot of simmering water and keep hot.", "Heat vegetable oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).", "Whisk flour, corn meal, buttermilk, eggs, sugar, bacon drippings, salt, baking powder, and garlic powder in a large bowl until moistened; beat batter until smooth, 2 to 3 minutes.", "Remove a hot dog from the water and blot completely dry with paper towels; skewer the hot dog lengthwise with a bamboo skewer. Using the skewer end as a handle, roll the hot dog in the batter to thoroughly coat.", "Roll the corn dog in the hot oil with the same continuous rolling motion, setting the batter; continue to roll the corn dog in the hot oil until deep golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Alternately, lay corn dog into hot oil after initial rolling to finish cooking the batter, about 1 minute per side. Drain corn dogs on paper towels to blot excess oil.", "Cook's Notes:", "I usually buy the 3-pound package of bun length hot dogs and make at least a double batch of batter at a time. Leftover batter can be kept in fridge in airtight container for a few days. Heat oil, stir batter, and begin!", "If your corn dogs get done in under a minute, your oil is to hot, lower temperature. If batter slides off hot dog when you put it in the hot oil, batter is too thin or hot dog isn't dried thoroughly.", "The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of the breading ingredients. The actual amount of the breading consumed will vary. We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used."], "nutrition facts": "488 calories; protein 13.1g; carbohydrates 43.6g; fat 29.1g; cholesterol 92.7mg; sodium 1434.8mg"}