{"name": "Creamy Asparagus and Cauliflower Soup", "prep": "15 mins", "cook": "25 mins", "total": "40 mins", "servings": "8", "yield": "8 servings", "ingredients": ["2 tablespoons olive oil", "3 cloves garlic, chopped", "6 cups chicken broth", "1 head cauliflower, broken into florets", "cayenne pepper, or to taste", "salt and ground black pepper to taste", "2 pounds fresh asparagus, trimmed and chopped", "2 tablespoons nasturtium petals, or more to taste", "2 tablespoons diced asparagus tips, or more to taste"], "steps": ["This delicious bowl of soup, despite being dairy-free, looks and feels pretty creamy. We have cauliflower to thank for that. The soup looks like a classic cream of asparagus, and your eyes will fool your palate to a certain extent. In addition to giving it a nice color, the bumpy superfood cauliflower provides a smoother texture to the soup than the less-starchy asparagus could achieve alone.", "Heat olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Cook and stir garlic in hot oil until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir chicken broth, cauliflower, cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper into garlic. Bring to a simmer, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook until cauliflower is tender, about 15 minutes.", "Stir 2 pounds asparagus into cauliflower mixture and increase heat to high. Cook until asparagus is tender but still bright green, 5 to 6 minutes.", "Blend soup with an immersion blender until smooth; season with salt and black pepper. Ladle soup into bowls and garnish with flower petals and diced asparagus tips.", "You can add chopped onions, leeks, or shallots and saute them with the garlic.", "You can substitute water for chicken broth to make this soup vegetarian. Use more or less broth or water to adjust the soup to your desired thickness.", "You can also blend this soup with a blender. Pour soup into a blender no more than half full. Cover and hold lid down; pulse a few times before leaving on to blend. Puree in batches until smooth."], "nutrition facts": "84 calories; protein 4.8g; carbohydrates 9.4g; fat 4g; cholesterol 3.8mg; sodium 744.1mg"}