{"name": "Curly-Q Grilled Sausages", "prep": "10 mins", "cook": "15 mins", "additional": "1 hr", "total": "1 hr 25 mins", "servings": "2", "yield": "2 grilled sausages", "ingredients": ["2 (3.5 ounce) links Italian sausage", "1\u2009\u00bd cups water", "1 pinch salt", "2 metal skewers", "1 tablespoon barbeque sauce, or to taste"], "steps": ["Giving a sausage a cool, coiled shape isn't just fun or frivolous; it's also fully functional. The extra surface area picks up additional delicious smoky, caramelized flavors from the grill. You could brush barbecue sauce on an un-helixed Italian sausage, but here you're literally flavoring the sausage inside and out. I served them on buns with homemade basil-garlic mayonnaise.", "Place sausages into a skillet over medium heat and pour in water. Add a large pinch of salt to the water and bring to a simmer. Cover and cook for about 3 minutes per side.", "Remove sausages from pan and let cool to room temperature. Refrigerate until cold, at least 1 hour. Insert a metal skewer the long way through each cooled sausage.", "Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Pour barbeque sauce into a small bowl.", "Place a sausage on a work surface and start making a knife cut about 3/4 inch from the end, holding the knife blade at a slight angle and cutting down to the skewer. Slowly rotate the sausage and continue cutting in a spiral until sausage is cut to about 1 inch from the other end. Gently spread the sausage apart on the skewer to create about 1/2 inch of space between the curls.", "Place sausages onto the preheated grill and cook until browned and meat is no longer pink inside, about 6 minutes; turn occasionally.", "Brush sausages with barbeque sauce using a pastry brush when sausages are nearly done. Cook, continuing to turn sausages, until sauce has caramelized onto the meat, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to a plate and let sausages cool for about 30 seconds before removing skewers for serving."], "nutrition facts": "227 calories; protein 12g; carbohydrates 5.5g; fat 17.1g; cholesterol 35.6mg; sodium 847.1mg"}