{"name": "Dahl Puri", "prep": "35 mins", "cook": "28 mins", "additional": "30 mins", "total": "93 mins", "servings": "10", "yield": "10 6 to 8-inch rotis", "ingredients": ["2 cups chicken stock", "1 cup dried yellow split peas", "1 scotch bonnet chile pepper, minced", "2 garlic cloves", "1 teaspoon ground turmeric", "1 teaspoon ground cumin", "2\u2009\u00bd cups self-rising flour", "3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided", "1 cup warm water, or more as needed"], "steps": ["Dahl puri is an East Indian-style flatbread stuffed with delicious seasoned yellow split peas. This bread is popular in both Suriname and Guyana, and the local scotch bonnet chile pepper gives it a touch of Caribbean flavor. This bread is often served with curry dishes, such as aloo curry (curried potatoes), another Indian dish that is popular in the Caribbean. I have always loved this dish growing up and still do. Brush roti with melted butter before serving, if desired.", "Bring chicken stock and yellow split peas to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer until split peas are soft, about 20 minutes. Drain and let cool, about 15 minutes.", "Combine yellow split peas, scotch bonnet chile pepper, garlic, turmeric, and cumin in a food processor; blend until filling is finely ground.", "Combine flour and 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large bowl. Pour in water slowly, stirring constantly, until dough starts to come together. Add a little more water if dough seems dry.", "Knead dough on a floured work surface until soft and no longer sticky. Let dough rest for 10 minutes, covered with a damp cloth.", "Roll dough into a large circle about 1/4-inch thick. Brush 1 teaspoon vegetable oil over the surface of the dough. Roll up into a long roll. Cut into 10 pieces. Roll each piece of dough into a 6-inch circle. Let circles rest, covered with damp cloth, for 5 minutes.", "Divide filling among circles. Wrap dough around filling, pinching edges to seal; roll into balls. Roll each ball back out into a large, thin circle.", "Heat 1 teaspoon oil in a large skillet. Cook 1 piece of dough in the hot skillet until it puffs up and turns light brown, about 2 minutes. Flip and continue cooking until second side is browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a colander to cool; cover with a damp cloth. Repeat with remaining oil and dough.", "Roti can be reheated just like tortillas: in a low oven, wrapped in foil, or in the microwave covered with a damp cloth.", "Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of chicken stock. The actual amount of chicken stock consumed will vary."], "nutrition facts": "220 calories; protein 8.2g; carbohydrates 35.8g; fat 4.8g; cholesterol 1mg; sodium 593.1mg"}