{"name": "Easy Cheesy Chicken Ravioli", "additional": "50 mins", "total": "50 mins", "servings": "4", "yield": "4 servings", "ingredients": ["6 ounces ground raw chicken or turkey", "1 (8 ounce) container soft-style cream cheese with chive and onion", "\u00bc cup shredded carrot", "20 (3.5 inch square) wonton wrappers", "1\u2009\u00bd cups Classico\u00ae Four Cheese pasta sauce"], "steps": ["Purchased wonton wrappers stand in for pasta in this homemade ground chicken ravioli recipe for two.", "For filling, in a medium mixing bowl stir together the chicken or turkey, cream cheese, and carrot.", "Place about 1 tablespoon of the filling in the center of each wrapper. Brush edges with water. Fold 1 corner over to the opposite corner, forming a triangle. To seal, press edges together or use a pastry wheel. Cook 2 servings of the ravioli immediately and freeze the remaining ravioli as directed.", "To eat two: Prepare Classico\u00ae Four Cheese pasta sauce. Meanwhile, in a Dutch oven bring a large amount of water and 1 tablespoon cooking oil to boiling. Drop 2 servings of the ravioli into the boiling water. Reduce heat. Simmer, uncovered, for 3 to 4 minutes or until no pink remains in chicken or turkey; remove with a slotted spoon. Drain on paper towels. Spoon the Classico\u00ae Four Cheese pasta sauce in the center of 2 individual plates. Arrange the cooked ravioli on top of the sauce. If desired, garnish with fresh basil.", "To freeze two: Place 2 servings of the ravioli in a freezer container. Seal, label, and freeze container for up to 3 months. To serve, prepare Classico\u00ae Four Cheese pasta sauce as directed. Meanwhile, in a Dutch oven bring a large amount of water and 1 tablespoon cooking oil to boiling. Drop the frozen ravioli into the boiling water. Reduce heat. Simmer, uncovered, for 5 to 6 minutes or until no pink remains in chicken or turkey; remove with a slotted spoon. Drain on paper towels. Spoon the pasta sauce in the center of 2 individual plates. Arrange the cooked ravioli on top of the pasta sauce. If desired, garnish with fresh basil."], "nutrition facts": "425 calories; protein 16.5g; carbohydrates 35.7g; fat 22g; cholesterol 86.7mg; sodium 812.5mg"}