{"name": "Fast and Easy Creamy Ice Cream", "prep": "10 mins", "additional": "2 hrs", "total": "2 hrs 10 mins", "servings": "6", "yield": "1 1/2 quarts", "ingredients": ["1 quart half-and-half", "1 (3.5 ounce) package instant pudding mix, any flavor"], "steps": ["Using only two ingredients, this ice cream recipe consistently produces thick, creamy ice cream. It can be made fat-free or sugar free in any flavor available in a pudding mix. This recipe is ideal for busy cooks, children, elderly people, diabetics, or dieters who cannot find sugar-free ice cream they like, or anyone who wants to impress guests with little effort. This recipe has been tested in a Cuisinart\u00ae\u00ae 2-quart electric ice cream maker, the kind where you freeze the bowl overnight and do not need ice or salt. This ice cream tastes like very good commercial ice cream.", "Place the bowl of an ice cream maker in the freezer until completely chilled, at least 1 hour.", "Chill half-and-half in the freezer, shaking every 10 minutes, until chilled but not frozen, about 30 minutes.", "Pour chilled half-and-half and pudding mix into a bowl and mix well with a whisk.", "Place frozen bowl of ice cream maker into the ice cream maker; add the stirring component and lid. Turn on the machine so the bowl is rotating. Pour pudding mixture into the machine through the hole in the lid.", "Allow ice cream to process in the ice cream maker until desired consistency is reached, about 30 minutes.", "Quick directions: Mix cold ingredients and pour mixture into rotating ice cream maker containing a frozen bowl, stopping machine and serving when ice cream is ready.", "Preparation time does not include time to freeze the ice cream maker bowl or chill the ingredients, utensils, and serving dishes. Always keep the bowl ready in the freezer. Chilling ingredients, utensils and serving dishes is optional but helpful in warm weather.", "Freeze leftovers immediately in individual serving sizes as it may become difficult to scoop after freezing. This recipe makes excellent frozen pudding Popsicles(R).", "The actual final volume depends on how hard you let the ice cream get before serving because it will expand as it freezes.", "This recipe can easily be modified by: 1) adding flavoring extracts, finely chopped or sliced fruit, crushed candies, shaved chocolate; 2) reducing the amount of pudding mix to make a less intense flavor; 3) using fat-free half-and-half and/or sugar-free pudding mix; 4) using milk, including nonfat milk. Modifications will change the flavor and consistency somewhat, but they still produce an excellent ice cream."], "nutrition facts": "269 calories; protein 4.7g; carbohydrates 22.1g; fat 18.5g; cholesterol 59.3mg; sodium 301.1mg"}