{"name": "Freckle Cake", "prep": "10 mins", "cook": "50 mins", "additional": "30 mins", "total": "90 mins", "servings": "12", "yield": "1 tube cake", "ingredients": ["1 package yellow cake mix", "1 (3.5 ounce) package instant vanilla pudding mix", "4 eggs", "1 cup vegetable oil", "1 cup water", "1 (4 ounce) package sweet baking chocolate (such as Baker's German's Sweet Chocolate\u00ae), grated", "1 (12 ounce) package miniature chocolate chips"], "steps": ["This amazing cake joined the Walker family traditions when my brother met my sister-in-law. She's a redhead with lots of freckles, and this cake, thanks to the chocolate shavings and chips, has lots of freckles too. So, we changed the name. Chocolate Chip Cake (boring!) is now Freckle Cake. Great topped with vanilla ice cream!", "Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Generously grease a 10-inch fluted tube pan (such as a Bundt\u00ae).", "Beat yellow cake mix, vanilla pudding mix, eggs, vegetable oil, and water in a bowl with an electric mixer to make a smooth batter, about 2 minutes. Stir grated chocolate and chocolate chips into batter and pour into prepared tube pan.", "Bake until a toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out clean, 50 to 55 minutes. Let cool completely in the pan before turning out onto a cake plate.", "I found the easiest way to grate the chocolate bar is by chopping it with a large knife. It will just shave right off.", "Note from my sister-in-law: This has been a family favorite for as long as I can remember. However, Marc's introduction to this yummy dessert has become a funny story that I must share. Shortly after Marc and I started dating, my mom packaged up several slices of this yummy cake for me to take back to my dorm room at the University of Arkansas. She sent enough for me to share with Marc (this would be his first time to try my mom's cake). As soon as I got back to school that Sunday afternoon, my mom called to ask if we'd eaten any of the cake yet. She was in a panic because she had just realized that one of her blender blades was broken and missing! (She'd used the blender to chop the German chocolate bar!). So we carefully ate our cake, and sure enough, Marc's piece contained the missing blender blade! Who knew at that point that Marc would be her future son-in-law, but we now joke that she was trying to scare him off early!"], "nutrition facts": "584 calories; protein 5.9g; carbohydrates 65.5g; fat 36.1g; cholesterol 62.9mg; sodium 431.7mg"}