{"name": "Fried PB & J", "prep": "30 mins", "cook": "10 mins", "additional": "3 hrs 20 mins", "total": "3 hrs 60 mins", "servings": "8", "yield": "8 servings", "ingredients": ["2 stalks fresh rhubarb, diced", "\u00bc cup white sugar", "\u00bd lemon, juiced", "2 tablespoons honey, or more to taste", "1 tablespoon water", "\u00bd cup sliced strawberries, or to taste", "\u00bd cup peanut butter", "2 (8 ounce) packages refrigerated crescent roll dough", "1 cup vegetable oil, or as needed"], "steps": ["Hot rhubarb jam and creamy peanut butter join forces inside a fried crescent roll and conspire to be your new favorite party snack. Use another jam or jelly if you like, but tartness really matters here, and this jam comes together quickly. These are best eaten shortly after frying, while the crescent is crisp and the peanut butter is melted. Dust with confectioners' sugar!", "Combine rhubarb, sugar, lemon juice, honey, and water together in a saucepan over high heat; cook and stir until rhubarb softens to a pulp, 5 to 10 minutes. Add strawberries and cook until strawberries fall apart and most of the liquid is dissolved, about 5 minutes. Remove saucepan from heat and cool jam for 10 minutes.", "Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Measuring out in 1/2 tablespoons, spoon 14 portions of jam and 14 portions of peanut butter onto the prepared baking sheet. Cover baking sheet with plastic wrap and freeze until fillings are solid, 3 hours to overnight.", "Roll dough onto a lightly floured piece of parchment paper, pressing dough together at the seams. Seal the seams together and slightly flatten dough by rolling a lightly floured rolling pin over it. Cut 28 circles out of dough using a 2-inch cookie cutter. Arrange the circles on the parchment paper.", "Place 1 jam and 1 peanut butter filling onto the center of 14 dough circles. Place a second circle of dough over the filling, rolling up the edges of the bottom circle and crimping together to seal. Arrange crescent pockets on a baking sheet and freeze.", "Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).", "Fry crescent pockets, 3 at a time, in the hot oil using a small wooden spoon to flip them continuously until golden, about 1 minute per side. Transfer pockets to a paper towel-lined plate.", "Prepared jam can be used in place of the rhubarb-strawberry jam.", "You can add more honey or sugar to the rhubarb-strawberry jam after it is cooked if it is too sour, but you do want some tartness to come through the peanut butter. So be wary of making it too sweet.", "This recipe will make more jam than you will use in the recipe. Leftover jam can be spooned over ice cream or oatmeal."], "nutrition facts": "385 calories; protein 8.1g; carbohydrates 37.4g; fat 22.9g; sodium 519.2mg"}