{"name": "Fried Zucchini Squash Blossoms", "prep": "20 mins", "cook": "8 mins", "additional": "45 mins", "total": "73 mins", "servings": "4", "yield": "4 servings", "ingredients": ["6 zucchini blossoms, or more to taste", "\u2153 cup soft goat cheese, at room temperature", "1 egg yolk", "1 scallion, diced", "\u00bc teaspoon freshly ground black pepper", "\u00bc teaspoon ground cayenne pepper", "\u00be cup tapioca flour", "\u00bd cup arrowroot powder", "\u00bd cup coconut oil, melted, or as needed", "sea salt to taste"], "steps": ["I have been making and eating zucchini blossoms for as long as I can remember. My nana would make sure my grandfather picked them as soon as they were perfect! As a little girl we would fill them with ricotta and mozzarella cheese, but I am going to share a delicious paleo recipe for you to enjoy.", "Fill a large bowl with cold water and ice.", "Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add zucchini blossoms and cook until slightly wilted, about 20 seconds. Drain in a colander and immediately immerse in ice water for several minutes to stop the cooking process. Drain on a plate lined with paper towels.", "Mix goat cheese, egg yolk, scallion, pepper, and cayenne in a bowl until smooth.", "Spoon filling into a resealable plastic bag and seal, squeezing out as much air as possible. Cut a small corner off the bag. Pipe about 1 tablespoon of the filling into each zucchini blossom. Fold petals over to cover filling. Arrange on a plate.", "Refrigerate filled zucchini blossoms until cheese is set and firm, at least 45 minutes.", "Mix tapioca flour and arrowroot powder together in a shallow dish.", "Pour coconut oil into a cast iron skillet to a depth of 1 inch. Heat until a thermometer inserted into the oil reads 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).", "Dredge cold zucchini blossoms lightly in tapioca flour mixture, shaking off excess. Fry in hot oil until golden, about 1 minute. Flip with tongs and fry until golden on second side, about 1 minute more. Remove zucchini blossoms to drain on a plate lined with paper towels. Season with sea salt.", "Refrigerate zucchini flowers in a tightly sealed bag until ready to use. Use within 2 days!", "We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. Amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and specific type of oil used."], "nutrition facts": "465 calories; protein 5.1g; carbohydrates 37.2g; fat 34.1g; cholesterol 66.1mg; sodium 181.2mg"}