{"name": "Ghost Chile Sweet Pickle Relish", "prep": "30 mins", "cook": "45 mins", "additional": "8 hrs", "total": "8 hrs 75 mins", "servings": "36", "yield": "6 half-pint jars", "ingredients": ["8 large pickling cucumbers, diced", "1 large yellow onion, diced", "1 red bell pepper, diced", "3 ghost chile peppers, diced", "2 tablespoons salt", "2 cups white sugar", "2 cups apple cider vinegar", "6 half pint canning jars with lids and rings"], "steps": ["After often being disappointed in the flavor and heat intensity of commercially produced hot relishes, I decided to make my own! This relish is both sweet and super duper hot. It's great on hotdogs, hamburgers, and sandwiches!", "Combine cucumbers, onion, red bell pepper, and ghost chile peppers in a large pot; add salt and toss to coat. Cover pot with a lid and refrigerate, 8 hours to overnight.", "Mix sugar and vinegar into cucumber mixture and simmer over medium heat, stirring frequently, until relish is tender, about 45 minutes.", "Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 10 minutes. Pack relish into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.", "Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.", "Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Label and date the jars and store in a cool, dark area.", "Wear gloves when you dice the ghost chile peppers, or else your hands will burn for a few hours. Wash your hands thoroughly with dish soap if they come into contact with the ghost chiles. Regular hand soap doesn't work nearly as well.", "If you are sensitive to hot pepper fumes, wear a mask when the relish is simmering. Turning on the hood can also help.", "For a finer relish, grind the ingredients in a clean meat grinder."], "nutrition facts": "59 calories; protein 0.6g; carbohydrates 14.4g; fat 0.1g; sodium 390.1mg"}