{"name": "Gluten-Free Butter Crackers", "prep": "30 mins", "cook": "21 mins", "additional": "15 mins", "total": "66 mins", "servings": "10", "yield": "40 crackers", "ingredients": ["\u00bd cup tapioca flour", "\u00bd cup brown rice flour", "\u00bc cup white rice flour", "1 teaspoon white sugar", "\u00bc teaspoon xanthan gum", "\u00bc teaspoon salt", "\u00bc cup softened butter", "5 tablespoons whole milk", "sea salt to taste", "cooking spray"], "steps": ["My husband just hasn't found a good cracker since going gluten-free, and he loved his butter crackers! I adapted this recipe from several different ones I was able to find on the web. Now I have to control what my non-GF kids eat so that dad will have some for the next day! These are not light and flaky, but the taste is definitely there! Welcome back peanut butter and crackers, cheese and crackers, plain crackers for nomming on! Also, I would expect you could add seasonings like garlic or sprinkle with Parmesan instead of salt, and kick it up a notch.", "Mix tapioca flour, brown rice flour, white rice flour, sugar, xanthan gum, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in the bowl of a stand mixer set with the whisk attachment; cut in butter using the whisk setting, starting on low and working up to medium, stopping occasionally to scrape down the sides and bottoms, until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.", "Slowly pour milk into butter-flour mixture while mixer is on low. Gradually increase speed and mix until batter is well mixed. Cover bowl and let dough sit for 15 minutes.", "Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Spray 2 pieces parchment paper with cooking spray.", "Roll dough on 1 of the sprayed sheets parchment paper. Top with the other parchment sheet, spray-side down, and roll dough to 1/8-inch thickness. Remove the top sheet and pat any edges back toward the middle if they are thinner than the rest to prevent burnt edges on the crackers.", "Cut dough into cracker shapes using a pizza cutter and prick each square with a fork. Place parchment paper with crackers on a baking sheet and place on the middle rack in the oven.", "Bake in the preheated oven for 3 minutes. Sprinkle sea salt over crackers; continue baking until crackers are browned and crisp, 18 to 25 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet or transfer crackers to a wire rack.", "I like to keep butter on the counter in a butter bell. This gives me instant access to soft butter for meals or baking.", "Also, I would guess these would freeze just fine, but I've never had any around long enough to freeze them and I don't have an air vac system to test out that storage method.", "If you have Expandex(R) tapioca flour, you may want to try that in place of the tapioca flour, but I don't have access to that up here in Alaska.", "The dough can be placed in the refrigerator after mixed in Step 2. Just take it out 15 minutes before using so it can warm to room temperature."], "nutrition facts": "106 calories; protein 0.8g; carbohydrates 14.8g; fat 4.9g; cholesterol 12.2mg; sodium 126mg"}