{"name": "Gretchen's Tomato Orange Soup", "prep": "15 mins", "cook": "45 mins", "additional": "10 mins", "total": "70 mins", "servings": "8", "yield": "8 servings", "ingredients": ["\u2153 cup butter", "1 large onion, chopped", "2 cups white wine", "3 quarts chicken stock", "3 large fresh tomatoes, chopped", "1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomatoes", "3 fresh poblano chile peppers", "1 carrot, peeled and sliced", "1 bay leaf", "1 tablespoon grated orange zest", "1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme", "\u00bd teaspoon Spanish smoked paprika", "salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste", "\u00bc cup heavy cream", "\u00bd cup creme fraiche", "1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil"], "steps": ["Tomato soup was a childhood favorite for chef Gretchen Allison of Ducksoup Inn. At the start of her career, learning to make good soup opened the door to a whole new palette of flavors.", "Place whole poblano peppers on the grate of a stove-top gas burner set to medium-high. Rotate peppers over the flame using a set of tongs until the outer skin blackens and blisters and is charred on all sides. Transfer peppers to a paper bag, tightly close the bag, and set aside for 20 minutes. Remove peppers from bag and peel off charred skin. Trim stems and seeds; discard. Chop peppers and set aside.", "Melt butter over medium-high heat in a large stockpot. Add onion; cook and stir until lightly browned around the edges, 5 to 7 minutes.", "Pour wine into the pot over onions; bring to a boil while scraping any browned bits off of the bottom of the pot. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until onions are well browned, about 5 minutes.", "Stir in chicken stock, fresh tomatoes, canned tomatoes, poblano chiles, carrot, bay leaf, orange zest, thyme, paprika, salt, and pepper. Bring to a simmer and cook until the vegetables are soft, about 30 minutes. Remove bay leaf and discard.", "Pour the mixture into a blender, filling the pitcher no more than halfway full. Hold down the lid of the blender with a folded kitchen towel, and carefully start the blender, using a few quick pulses to get the mixture moving before leaving it on to puree. Puree in batches until smooth. Strain soup through a fine mesh sieve back into the stockpot. Alternately, use a stick blender and puree the mixture right in the pot.", "Return pureed soup to a simmer; stir in cream. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Serve topped with a dollop of creme fraiche and chopped basil.", "Cook under the preheated broiler until the skin of the peppers has blackened and blistered, about 5 minutes. Place the blackened peppers into a bowl, and tightly seal with plastic wrap. Allow the peppers to steam as they cool, about 20 minutes. Once cool, remove the skins and discard."], "nutrition facts": "276 calories; protein 4.8g; carbohydrates 18.2g; fat 17.6g; cholesterol 52mg; sodium 1230.5mg"}