{"name": "Grilled Pork Belly BLT with Fried Tomatoes and Avocado", "prep": "30 mins", "cook": "20 mins", "total": "50 mins", "servings": "4", "yield": "4 servings", "ingredients": ["1 cup soy sauce", "1 cup mirin", "Salt and ground white pepper to taste", "1 pound skinless pork belly, thinly sliced", "1 cup milk", "2 eggs, beaten", "1\u2009\u00bd cups all-purpose flour", "2 teaspoons salt", "2 teaspoons ground black pepper", "2 teaspoons steak seasoning blend", "2 large red tomatoes, thickly sliced", "3 tablespoons butter", "3 tablespoons olive oil", "2 ripe avocados from Mexico, peeled, pitted and sliced", "4 leaves green leaf lettuce", "8 slices crusty artisan bread, toasted", "1 tablespoon mayonnaise"], "steps": ["Imagine a dish that combines melt-in-your-mouth grilled goodness with creamy avocado. Now make it for real!! This sandwich uses a succulent rich meat (pork belly) seasoned with typical Japanese condiments. It's said that bacon is its very own food group, and pork belly is part of that food group!", "Combine soy sauce, mirin, salt and white pepper in a bowl. Add pork slices and mix to coat with marinade. Cover and refrigerate 30 minutes or overnight.", "Remove pork from refrigerator. Drain slices; discard marinade. Heat a grill pan and brush or spray with vegetable oil. Place pork slices on grill and cook until well seared, turning every 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels.", "Pour milk into shallow bowl. Mix flour, salt, pepper and seasoned salt together in a shallow dish for dredging. Beat eggs in a third bowl. Dip tomato slices into milk, then flour mixture, then eggs. Coat well with flour mixture again.", "Heat butter and olive oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Place tomato slices in pan and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. If necessary, place in warm oven until ready to serve.", "To build sandwiches, spread mayonnaise on bread slices. On half the slices, layer lettuce, avocado slices, grilled pork belly and fried tomatoes. Top with remaining bread slices.", "Pork belly has been a part of Asian cooking forever, but it's only recently become popular in American culinary farm-to-table food trends. For this sandwich, I marinated and grilled the pork, and paired it with both fried tomatoes and the freshest avocado I could find.", "Mirin is a sweet rice wine vinegar, commonly found in the Asian section of the grocery store. If pork belly is not skinless, be sure to cut off the skin before marinating."], "nutrition facts": "1124 calories; protein 37.7g; carbohydrates 107.4g; fat 56.8g; cholesterol 163.1mg; sodium 6653mg"}