{"name": "Grilled Apple Almond Cinnamon Crisp", "servings": "2", "yield": "2 servings", "ingredients": ["2 sheets (18 x 18-inch) sheets of Reynolds Wrap\u00ae Heavy Duty Aluminum Foil", "1 large tart apple, cored and sliced", "3 tablespoons brown sugar", "1 tablespoon cornstarch", "\u00bc teaspoon ground cinnamon", "6 tablespoons all-purpose flour", "1 tablespoon brown sugar", "\u00bd teaspoon ground cinnamon", "1 pinch salt", "3 tablespoons cold butter, cut into 1/4-inch pieces", "\u00bc cup sliced almonds", "2 scoops Vanilla ice cream", "1 tablespoon Sliced almonds", "1 pinch Ground cinnamon to taste"], "steps": ["The perfect dessert for your next BBQ--baked right on the grill! Enjoy this scrumptious crisp from Stephanie Le of I am a Food Blog.", "Preheat the grill to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter two pieces of Reynolds Wrap\u00ae Heavy Duty Aluminum Foil.", "In a small bowl, toss the apples with the 3 tablespoons brown sugar, cornstarch and 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon. Place half of the apples on each piece of prepared foil.", "In a bowl, whisk together the flour, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, cinnamon, and salt. Use your fingertips to work the cold butter into the mix until it starts to clump up into crumbs. Mix in the sliced almonds. Evenly spread the crumb topping over the apples. Fold up the edges of the foil to create tightly sealed packets.", "Place the packets on the grill, cover, and grill for 20 to 25 minutes. Carefully open the packets to check if the crumble is golden brown. If not yet brown, leave packets open. Cover grill and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Remove from the grill, let cool slightly then enjoy with ice cream, sliced almonds, and a sprinkle of cinnamon-sugar.", "When baking on the grill indirect heat is best. Heat up only one side of the grill until the desired temperature is reached and place the items \"baking\" on the un-heated side of the grill to use indirect heat to cook otherwise items may burn.", "You can put the crumble in a small heat-proof container such as a cast iron pan covered with foil if desired."], "nutrition facts": "537 calories; protein 6.8g; carbohydrates 70.1g; fat 27.3g; cholesterol 55mg; sodium 226.6mg"}