{"name": "Grilled Artichokes - Best Way to Eat Artichokes!", "prep": "15 mins", "cook": "1 hr 10 mins", "additional": "15 mins", "total": "1 hr 40 mins", "servings": "2", "yield": "1 artichoke", "ingredients": ["1 whole artichoke", "\u00bc cup butter, cut into small cubes", "\u215b teaspoon garlic powder", "\u215b teaspoon seasoned salt (such as LAWRY'S\u00ae)"], "steps": ["Easy recipe for the non-culinary school folks who just like to eat artichokes. Boil and grill. This is a recipe from trial and error, so some culinary people may have issues with how long it's cooked, etc. But it's just, plain good this way. My wife and and I just can't eat artichokes any other way now. Read the recipe, then be sure to look at any comments for any improvement or preferable changes. Lawry's\u00ae isn't necessary, but adds some flavor.", "Trim artichoke stem and about 3/4 inch of the top using a knife. Trim thorns from leaves using scissors.", "Place artichoke into a large pot and cover with water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, at least 1 hour. Drain and cool artichoke, 15 to 30 minutes.", "Preheat grill to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).", "Remove leaves from artichoke and scrape the hairy part from heart using a spoon with light pressure; discard hair. Place leaves and heart into a vegetable griller. Sprinkle butter over leaves and heart; season with garlic powder and seasoned salt.", "Place griller on the preheated grill and cook, shaking griller occasionally, until edges of leaves are charred, about 10 minutes.", "If you don't have a vegetable griller, you can put 2 sheets aluminum foil together, fold up the edges, and pokes some holes in the bottom with a fork.", "How to eat the leaves: Hold non-meaty end. Dip in butter or ranch dressing. Put leaf between teeth with meaty end of meat toward mouth. Insert about 1/2 to 3/4 into mouth, firmly press teeth together onto leaf and pull leaf out of mouth.", "How to eat the heart: Dip the whole thing in butter or ranch dressing and eat every bit of it. It's the best part of the artichoke!", "To remove the hairy part attached to the heart, gently scoop out with a spoon by tracing the edge of the hair where it touches the heart and only scooping out the hair. With light pressure and moving back and forth, the hair will dislodge from the heart if you slide the spoon in between the 2."], "nutrition facts": "234 calories; protein 2.4g; carbohydrates 6.9g; fat 23.1g; cholesterol 61mg; sodium 281mg"}