{"name": "Habanero Berry Jam", "prep": "40 mins", "cook": "25 mins", "total": "65 mins", "servings": "80", "yield": "5 8-ounce jars", "ingredients": ["\u00bd cup water", "\u00bd teaspoon calcium phosphorus powder", "2 teaspoons low methoxyl pectin with calcium (such as Pomona's Universal Pectin \u00ae)", "1\u2009\u00bd cups sugar", "4 cups mashed mixed berries (raspberries, blueberries, blackberries)", "\u00bc cup lemon juice", "1 habanero pepper, diced, or more to taste"], "steps": ["This was my first try at making homemade jam and I can't believe how good it came out. I made up my own recipe after being unable to find this recipe here. If you like a spicy jam that goes best on crackers/bread with brie or cream cheese - this is the jam for you!", "Immerse 5 (8-ounce) jars in simmering water until jam is ready, or at least 10 minutes. Wash lids and rings in warm soapy water.", "Combine 1/2 cup of water and 1/2 teaspoon calcium powder in a small jar with a lid to make calcium water. (Note: you will use just 2 teaspoons calcium water for 4 cups mashed fruit. Store the remainder in the refrigerator and use within 6 months.)", "Mix pectin powder and sugar in a bowl. Place mashed berries, 2 teaspoons calcium water, lemon juice, and habanero pepper in a medium-sized pot and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Once berry mixture is boiling, add sugar mixture and stir vigorously for two minutes. Bring back to a boil and remove from heat.", "Ladle jam into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.", "Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars 2 inches apart into the boiling water using a holder. Pour in more boiling water to cover jars by at least 1 inch. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.", "Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.", "Make sure you mash the berries first and then measure. If you like your jam extra spicy, you can add a total of 2 diced habanero peppers", "Only use Pomona's Universal Pectin (R) for this recipe. It is a great ingredient if you like to use much lower amounts of sugar in your jam recipes. This recipe will NOT work with other types of pectin that rely on high amounts of sugar to set right.", "I used a food processor to mash the berries and dice the habanero peppers with great results."], "nutrition facts": "18 calories; protein 0.1g; carbohydrates 4.6g; sodium 0.3mg"}