{"name": "HERDEZ\u00ae Chiles Rellenos", "prep": "25 mins", "cook": "20 mins", "total": "45 mins", "servings": "6", "yield": "6 peppers", "ingredients": ["6 each poblano chile peppers, stems and seeds removed", "3 large egg whites egg whites, beaten until foamy", "1 pinch salt", "6 ounces semi-soft Mexican cheese such as Oaxaca*, cut into thick strips", "2 tablespoons vegetable oil", "1 (12 ounce) jar HERDEZ\u00ae Tomatilla Verde Mexican Cooking Sauce", "\u00bd cup water"], "steps": ["The combined flavors in this recipe make a delicious Mexican-inspired meal. HERDEZ\u00ae Tomatillo Verde cooking sauce saves time and adds to the flavor. Serve with Mexican rice, refried beans, and warm tortillas.", "Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler to high.", "Place poblanos on baking sheet lined with foil. Broil each side of poblano chiles until skin is blistered and slightly black, turning to char evenly, about 3 to 5 minutes on each side.", "Remove from heat and peel off skin that is easily removed, being careful not to split the flesh. Stuff chiles with cheese strips. Mix the salt into the beaten egg whites.", "Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Dip stuffed chiles in egg whites, coating thoroughly, and place them in a single layer in the hot oil. Cook until browned, making sure to turn each chile at least once during the cooking process. Place cooked chiles on plate lined with paper towels.", "Wipe out skillet. Arrange the chiles in one layer in the skillet and gently pour in Herdez Tomatillo Verde cooking sauce and water. Bring to a quick boil over high heat and reduce heat to low. Simmer until heated through, 5 to 10 minutes.", "Poblano chilies are notorious for sometimes being mild or sometimes having a little kick. Always remove all seeds to prevent any unexpected spiciness. You can also grill the chilies over a grilling plate or outside grill instead of broiling them.", "*You can also use panela, mozzarella, or even provolone cheese."], "nutrition facts": "191 calories; protein 10.6g; carbohydrates 8.3g; fat 13.4g; cholesterol 29.8mg; sodium 676.1mg"}