{"name": "Hot Dog Chili for Chili Dogs", "prep": "30 mins", "cook": "1 hr 15 mins", "total": "1 hr 45 mins", "servings": "12", "yield": "12 servings", "ingredients": ["3 dried ancho chiles, stems removed but seeds left in", "1 cup boiling water", "3 slices thick-cut bacon, chopped", "2 tablespoons bacon drippings", "1 white onion, diced", "1 sweet red onion, diced", "1 pinch salt", "6 cloves garlic, minced", "3 cups boiling water", "2 pounds ground beef chuck", "1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste", "2 packets low-sodium beef bouillon granules", "\u00bc cup spicy brown mustard", "\u00bc cup dark red chili powder", "\u00bc cup Worcestershire sauce", "\u00bc cup ground cumin", "2 tablespoons garlic powder", "2 tablespoons adobo seasoning with cumin", "2 tablespoons paprika", "1 (15 ounce) can kidney beans, rinsed and drained", "\u00bc cup masa harina, or as needed", "salt and ground black pepper to taste"], "steps": ["There is a vast difference between the chili you cook and serve on its own and the chili that you slap on a chili dog. The texture and taste have to compliment the dog using smaller amounts so it won't explode all over your face. This chili is our perfect double-dog-dare-you chili for use on hot dogs. Yes, they are hot dogs, not franks. Franks lived in France from the third to the fifth century on the banks of the Rhine River. If you must call them something other than hot dogs, try 'weinahs,' that works for us in the north.", "Place ancho chiles into 1 cup boiling water and set aside until softened, about 15 minutes. While chiles are soaking, place bacon in a large saucepan and cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain excess grease but reserve 2 tablespoons bacon drippings in the pan.", "Cook and stir white and red onion in bacon drippings with bacon over medium heat with a pinch of salt until onions are translucent, about 5 minutes; stir in garlic and cook until softened, about 1 more minute. Pour in 3 cups boiling water and stir in beef chuck, mixing the meat with the water to break it apart. Bring to a boil and reduce heat to low.", "Stir in tomato paste and beef bouillon granules until the granules dissolve; allow mixture to simmer while you complete remaining steps.", "Place soaked ancho chiles and their liquid, spicy brown mustard, chili powder, Worcestershire sauce, cumin, garlic powder, adobo seasoning, and paprika into a blender and blend until smooth; pour mixture into the chili. Use a little water to dissolve remaining mixture in blender and pour into the chili.", "I always start out with the goal to make a batch and freeze some of it but before the chili is even finished, I have people standing around the kitchen staring into the pot asking \"When will it be ready?\" So I never have leftovers of this chili. Spoon it over your hot dogs and it should have a thick enough consistency to coat the top of the dog nicely but not slob all over you while you eat it."], "nutrition facts": "261 calories; protein 19g; carbohydrates 20.4g; fat 12.5g; cholesterol 49.4mg; sodium 469.8mg"}