{"name": "How to Make Cheese Sticks", "prep": "25 mins", "cook": "20 mins", "additional": "15 mins", "total": "60 mins", "servings": "9", "yield": "9 breadsticks", "ingredients": ["\u00bd (17.5 ounce) package frozen puff pastry", "2 teaspoons olive oil (preferably drained from a tin of anchovies)", "1 pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste", "1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste", "\u00bc cup shredded sharp white Cheddar cheese", "5 tablespoons freshly shredded Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, divided"], "steps": ["These super-simple breadsticks are easy, cheesy, and there's no dough to make because we're going to use frozen puff pastry for this. They're very cool for entertaining.", "Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat.", "Place a sheet of frozen puff pastry dough onto a floured work surface and allow dough to thaw just until it can be unfolded. Unfold dough into a flat sheet; brush top of puff pastry dough with olive oil. Season with salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper.", "Sprinkle white Cheddar cheese and 1/4 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese onto the dough, covering the surface. Top with a piece of plastic wrap; press cheese and seasonings firmly into the dough with your fingers or by laying a sheet pan onto the dough over the plastic and pressing it down.", "Remove plastic and use a pizza cutter or sharp knife to cut the dough down the seam lines into thirds; cut each third lengthwise into thirds for a total of 9 breadsticks.", "Pick up a dough strip, place it seasoned side down on the work surface, and twist from both ends 8 or 9 times to make a rolled tube of dough with the seasoned side out. Place breadsticks onto prepared baking sheet.", "Sprinkle remaining 1 tablespoon Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese over the sticks. Roll the sticks lightly to even up their shapes and pick up and press any dropped cheese onto the surfaces.", "Bake in the preheated oven for about 10 minutes; flip and continue baking until breadsticks are browned and crisp, 10 to 20 more minutes. If you pick up a stick by one end and it droops, bake for several more minutes. Cool on a wire rack before serving.", "You can put all kinds of dried herbs and spices, curry powders, smoked paprika, and things like that. I am showing my basic formula and then you will adapt.", "The wider the strips, the more bread-like the cheese sticks will be. The tighter you twist them, the more dense and crisp they will be. A loose twist will result in a softer, breadier stick."], "nutrition facts": "184 calories; protein 3.8g; carbohydrates 12.4g; fat 13.2g; cholesterol 5.3mg; sodium 134.4mg"}