{"name": "Irish Cheddar Spring Onion Biscuits", "prep": "20 mins", "cook": "20 mins", "total": "40 mins", "servings": "6", "yield": "12 biscuits", "ingredients": ["2 cups self-rising flour, plus more for kneading", "\u00bc teaspoon baking soda", "7 tablespoons very cold butter, cut into pieces", "\u00be cup buttermilk, plus additional for brushing", "\u00bd cup shredded Irish Cheddar cheese, divided, plus more for topping", "\u00bc cup sliced green onions, divided"], "steps": ["By layering and folding the cheese into the dough, \u00e0 la puff pastry, we get all the cheesy flavor without making the biscuit too dense.", "Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.", "Whisk self-rising flour and baking soda together in a mixing bowl. Add cold butter and cut it into flour with a pastry blender until texture resembles coarse crumbs, 5 to 7 minutes. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture and pour in the buttermilk. Stir with a fork just until mixture starts to come together to form a shaggy dough.", "Transfer dough to a floured work surface. Press into a roughly shaped rectangle. Fold into thirds using a bench scraper. Press again into a rectangle. Flour surface if the dough seems sticky. Roll dough with a rolling pin to 1/2-inch thickness. Sprinkle with half of the shredded cheese and half of the green onions. Fold dough into thirds. Dust with flour, if necessary, and roll out again to about 1/2-inch thickness. Top with remaining cheese and green onions. Fold into thirds and roll out again to about 1/2 inch thickness. Cut biscuits with a 2- or 3-inch biscuit cutter.", "Transfer biscuits to prepared baking sheet. Brush lightly with buttermilk. Sprinkle tops with about a teaspoon of grated cheese.", "Bake in preheated oven until cooked through and golden brown, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool.", "To make your own self-rising flour for this recipe, sift together 2 cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, and 1 teaspoon fine salt.", "If you can't find Irish Cheddar, like Dubliners(R), use your favorite sharp Cheddar cheese instead.", "Baking time is reduced slightly in the magazine version of this recipe."], "nutrition facts": "318 calories; protein 7.7g; carbohydrates 32.8g; fat 17.2g; cholesterol 46.7mg; sodium 768.3mg"}