{"id": "223552", "imgUrl": "https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F894207.jpg", "name": "Malbec Inferno Hot Pepper Jelly", "prep": "15 mins", "cook": "20 mins", "additional": "1 day", "total": "1 day", "servings": "14", "yield": "14 servings", "ingredients": ["2 cups minced hot red pepper", "1 cup Malbec red wine", "2 cups minced habanero pepper", "\u00bd cup pomegranate juice", "1 tablespoon lemon juice", "1 (1.75 ounce) package powdered fruit pectin", "2 tablespoons powdered fruit pectin", "1 teaspoon butter", "4 cups white sugar, or more to taste"], "db": " 2 cups minced hot red pepper 1 cup Malbec red wine 2 cups minced habanero pepper \u00bd cup pomegranate juice 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1 (1.75 ounce) package powdered fruit pectin 2 tablespoons powdered fruit pectin 1 teaspoon butter 4 cups white sugar, or more to taste", "steps": ["As a hot-sauce addict and after YEARS of experimenting, I have finally come up with the perfect balance of scorch and yumminess. This jelly should be poured onto a brick of cream cheese and served with your favorite cracker. You will need a food processor or blender to mince all these peppers before measuring into blender. Gloves to protect your hands are also strongly recommended. Substitute blackberry or blueberry juice for pomegranate if you like.", "Place red pepper and Malbec wine in a blender, while wearing gloves; blend until smooth. Transfer to a large stockpot. Blend habanero pepper, pomegranate juice, and lemon juice in blender until smooth; add to stockpot. Stir all the pectin and butter into pepper mixture. Bring to a rolling boil; stir in sugar. Continually stir until sugar is dissolved, 2 minutes. Remove from heat, stir for 5 minutes, and skim foam off the top.", "Sterilize jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the jam into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4-inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.", "Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 15 minutes.", "Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area."], "nutrition facts": "254 calories; protein 0.5g; carbohydrates 61.3g; fat 0.4g; cholesterol 0.8mg; sodium 5.8mg"}