{"name": "Marshall's Dreamy Oyster Stew", "prep": "10 mins", "cook": "15 mins", "additional": "10 mins", "total": "35 mins", "servings": "2", "yield": "2 servings", "ingredients": ["3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil", "1 yellow potato, cut into small dice", "\u00bc cup finely diced sweet onion", "2 teaspoons minced garlic", "1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste", "\u00bc cup all-purpose flour", "\u00bd pint raw oysters, cut into bite-size pieces and liquid reserved", "2\u2009\u00bd cups skim milk"], "steps": ["This recipe was originally a higher-fat recipe. But with age and ailments comes restraint and tradeoffs. To try the original recipe, use butter instead of extra-virgin olive oil and whole milk instead of skim. I am not much of a celery fan, especially in mild-flavored foods, but if you like celery, add small diced celery to taste along with the onion, garlic and potato. Serve with crackers of choice. I personally don't use crackers. I feel they detract from enjoying the mild desired flavor and creamy dreaminess.", "Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add potato, onion, and garlic to the hot oil, reduce heat to medium-low, and bring the mixture to a simmer. Place a lid on the saucepan and cook the mixture at a simmer, stirring occasionally, until the onion and potato soften, 5 to 7 minutes.", "Season the potato mixture with salt and black pepper.", "Stir flour into the mixture to make a roux. Increase heat to medium and stir the mixture constantly to cook the flour, 3 to 4 minutes.", "Pour reserved oyster liquid into the potato mixture. Increase heat to medium-high.", "Slowly stream skim milk into the saucepan while stirring continually; cook and stir until the mixture begins to thicken and bubble, 5 to 7 minutes. Season again with salt and black pepper as needed.", "Reduce heat to medium-low. Add oysters to the saucepan; continue to cook and stir until the mixture is thick and the oysters are just cooked through, about 3 minutes.", "Turn off the heat and continue to stir until you are sure soup will not boil after covered. Cover and let stand 10 minutes for the flavors to blend."], "nutrition facts": "554 calories; protein 28g; carbohydrates 55.6g; fat 24.1g; cholesterol 77.8mg; sodium 288.5mg"}