{"name": "Orange Citrus Cheesecake", "prep": "20 mins", "cook": "1 hr", "additional": "7 hrs 55 mins", "total": "8 hrs 75 mins", "servings": "12", "yield": "12 servings", "ingredients": ["Reynolds Wrap\u00ae Heavy Duty Aluminum Foil", "1 large orange", "1\u2009\u00be cups crushed vanilla wafers", "\u00bc cup finely chopped pecans (Optional)", "1 tablespoon sugar", "\u00bd cup butter, melted", "3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened", "\u00be cup sugar", "2 tablespoons all-purpose flour", "3 eggs, lightly beaten", "3 ounces white baking chocolate, chopped", "1 cup fresh cranberries, coarsely chopped", "\u00bc cup granulated sugar", "2 tablespoons orange juice"], "steps": ["Creamy cheesecake flavored with bright orange zest is topped with a sauce made of fresh cranberries and orange juice.", "Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line the outside of a 9-inch springform pan with a double layer of 18-inch-wide Reynolds Wrap\u00ae Heavy Duty Aluminum Foil. Bring edges of the foil up and mold the foil around the sides of the springform pan to form a watertight seal outside of the pan.", "Zest 1 teaspoon orange zest from the orange. Juice 1/4 cup orange juice from the orange set both aside.", "Combine vanilla wafers, pecans (if using), and 1 tablespoon granulated sugar in a medium bowl. Stir in melted butter. Press the mixture onto the bottom and about 1 1/2 inches up the sides of the prepared springform pan. Place in a roasting pan.", "Beat cream cheese, 3/4 cup granulated sugar, flour, and orange zest together in a large bowl using an electric mixer on low speed until combined. Add orange juice and beat until smooth. Beat in eggs and white chocolate.", "Pour filling into crust-lined pan. Place roasting pan on the oven rack. Pour enough boiling water into roasting pan to reach halfway up the sides of the springform pan.", "Bake 1 hour or until top is just set and edges jiggle slightly when pan is gently shaken. Turn oven off and allow cheesecake to stand in oven for 1 hour (it will continue to set up during standing time in oven).", "Remove springform pan from water bath and cool on a wire rack for 15 minutes. Using a small sharp knife, loosen the crust from sides of the springform pan cool for 30 minutes. Remove sides of springform pan cool cheesecake on wire rack for 2 hours.", "Cover and chill for at least 4 hours before serving. Top with Cranberry Orange Sauce to serve.", "Cranberry Orange Sauce: Combine 1 cup fresh cranberries, coarsely chopped 1/4 cup granulated sugar and 2 tablespoons orange juice in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring frequently, until the sugar is dissolved and the cranberries start to break down. Remove from heat and cool completely before serving.", "Add a citrus twist to a classic dessert with this delicious cheesecake recipe. Line your spring-form pan with heavy duty aluminum foil to ensure your crust will stay dry while your cake stays creamy."], "nutrition facts": "544 calories; protein 8g; carbohydrates 46.5g; fat 37.5g; cholesterol 129.9mg; sodium 324.6mg"}