{"name": "Pan-Grilled Tilapia with Lemon and Red Onion", "prep": "10 mins", "cook": "15 mins", "additional": "2 mins", "total": "27 mins", "servings": "1", "yield": "1 tilapia fillet", "ingredients": ["\u00bc large lemon", "1 (6 ounce) tilapia fillet, patted dry", "salt and ground black pepper to taste", "1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil", "1 teaspoon butter, divided", "\u00bc large red onion, coarsely chopped", "1 teaspoon minced garlic", "1 tablespoon grated fresh Parmesan cheese"], "steps": ["This recipe came from necessity, as I was so very hungry, sick of chicken, and I didn't want to turn on the oven. My diet is pretty specific right now so this was easy and delicious low-carb lunch when served with a salad. Greek salad with pink grapefruit added really brought out the flavor blend, and fits well with the Mayo Clinic Diet of adding grapefruit to each meal of meat or fish and salad or veggies. I made a single serving so I am leaving it to the maker to multiply.", "Squeeze lemon juice over tilapia; season lightly with salt and black pepper.", "Heat olive oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Melt 1/2 teaspoon butter in hot oil. Add chopped onion and minced garlic; cook and stir until onion begins to look translucent, about 5 minutes.", "Reduce heat to medium-low. Push onion mixture to sides of the skillet. Melt remaining 1/2 teaspoon of butter in the skillet. Place tilapia in the center of the skillet and cover with onion mixture. Cover skillet and cook tilapia until it starts to turn golden, about 5 minutes. Push onion mixture to the sides again and flip tilapia. Cover and cook until second side is golden and flakes easily with a fork, about 5 minutes more.", "Remove skillet from heat. Top tilapia with grated Parmesan cheese, cover, and let stand until cheese is melted, 2 to 3 minutes.", "I used a block of fresh Parmesan cheese and a peeler to shave off cheese over the fish."], "nutrition facts": "371 calories; protein 37.3g; carbohydrates 7.6g; fat 21.4g; cholesterol 76.7mg; sodium 337.8mg"}