{"name": "Pecan Honey Glazed Fried Chicken", "prep": "15 mins", "cook": "40 mins", "total": "55 mins", "servings": "8", "yield": "8 servings", "ingredients": ["1 quart peanut oil for frying, or as needed", "1 whole whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces", "1 teaspoon seasoned salt, or to taste", "2 eggs, beaten", "2 cups self-rising flour", "1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste", "1 cup butter", "\u00bd cup honey", "1 cup chopped pecans"], "steps": ["Nothing says 'south' like good fried chicken, but when pecan honey glaze is drizzled on top then it takes it to a whole new level. I was inspired when my husband and I visited a soul food restaurant, and I just had to come home and duplicate it. I must admit I think I hit the nail on the head - at least my family admits it. Enjoy!", "Heat peanut oil in deep skillet or deep-fryer to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Oil should be deep enough to cover chicken pieces halfway.", "Season chicken pieces on all sides with seasoned salt.", "Put beaten eggs in a large bowl. Mix flour, salt, and black pepper in a large paper bag.", "Dip seasoned chicken into beaten egg; place each piece into bag containing seasoned flour and shake to coat.", "Cook chicken in hot oil until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 10 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh near the bone should read 165 degrees F (75 degrees C). Transfer chicken to a plate lined with paper towels to drain.", "Melt butter in saucepan over medium heat. Whisk honey into melted butter; cook, whisking occasionally, until bubbles start to form, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low; simmer another 10 minutes. Fold pecans into butter mixture; cook until the pecans are hot, 2 to 3 minutes. Drizzle over hot chicken pieces to serve.", "The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of the breading ingredients. The actual amount of the breading consumed will vary. We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used."], "nutrition facts": "846 calories; protein 33.6g; carbohydrates 45.8g; fat 59.7g; cholesterol 193.7mg; sodium 773.8mg"}