{"name": "Pickled Salad", "prep": "45 mins", "cook": "35 mins", "additional": "8 hrs", "total": "8 hrs 80 mins", "servings": "12", "yield": "12 pints", "ingredients": ["8 zucchini, diced", "4 cucumbers, diced", "1 sweet onion, diced", "2 red bell pepper, diced", "2 green bell pepper, diced", "2 jalapeno pepper, minced", "1 cup sea salt", "water to cover", "2 cups white sugar", "2 cups rice vinegar", "\u00bd cup white vinegar", "2 teaspoons ground turmeric", "2 teaspoons yellow mustard seed", "1 teaspoon onion powder", "1 teaspoon garlic powder", "1 teaspoon dried rosemary", "12 1-pint canning jars with lids and rings"], "steps": ["This is traditionally a relish, but everyone who has tried it for me has eaten the entire jar! It is the perfect side dish for everything savory. It also goes well as a relish on hot dogs.", "Toss zucchini, cucumbers, onion, red bell pepper, green bell pepper, and jalapeno together in a very large bowl. Add salt and water to cover vegetable mixture; refrigerate for 8 hours to overnight. Strain vegetable mixture and rinse well.", "Bring sugar, rice vinegar, white vinegar, turmeric, mustard seed, onion powder, garlic powder, and rosemary to a boil in a large stock pot. Add vegetable mixture; simmer for 20 minutes.", "Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack vegetable mixture with vinegar mixture into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.", "Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process, 10 minutes for half-pints or 15 minutes for pints.", "Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.", "Any type of summer squash can be substituted for some or all of the zucchini.", "Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of brine ingredients. The actual amount of brine consumed will vary."], "nutrition facts": "178 calories; protein 2.3g; carbohydrates 43.6g; fat 0.6g; sodium 7070.9mg"}