{"name": "Potato and Parsnip Gratin", "prep": "15 mins", "cook": "45 mins", "total": "60 mins", "servings": "6", "yield": "6 servings", "ingredients": ["3 Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled", "2 parsnips, peeled", "2 cloves garlic, minced", "1 tablespoon butter, melted", "salt and ground black pepper to taste", "1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, divided", "2 ounces finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, divided", "\u00be cup creme fraiche, divided", "1 cup chicken broth", "1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste"], "steps": ["Despite their unique and delicious flavor and fun-to-pronounce name, parsnips have really never caught on. We're going to hide them in a potato gratin and our friends and family will enjoy them without even knowing it! This is great as a brunch or breakfast potato side dish.", "Place potatoes and parsnips in a bowl of cold water.", "Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place garlic and melted butter into a 2-quart baking dish; brush garlic and butter all over the inside of the dish.", "Slice potatoes very thin using a mandoline slicer.", "Layer 1/3 potato slices into the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Season with salt and black pepper. Sprinkle a few thyme leaves onto potato slices and a light dusting of Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese. Spoon about 3 tablespoons creme fraiche over cheese.", "Thinly slice parsnips using a vegetable peeler; arrange 1/2 the parsnip slices in an even layer over the creme fraiche and season with salt and black pepper. Repeat potato and parsnip layering process: 1/3 potato slices, salt and black pepper, thyme, Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, creme fraiche, and remaining 1/2 parsnip slices. Dust with salt. Arrange last 1/3 potato slices on top and season with salt.", "Pour chicken broth over potato-parsnip layers about 3 tablespoons at a time. Shake dish gently to eliminate air bubbles. Gently spread remaining 2 tablespoons creme fraiche over the potatoes. Sprinkle cayenne and remaining Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese over the top.", "Bake in the center of the preheated oven until gratin is browned and a knife pierces layers easily, 45 minutes to 1 hour."], "nutrition facts": "212 calories; protein 6.2g; carbohydrates 12.9g; fat 16g; cholesterol 55mg; sodium 358mg"}