{"name": "Reverse Sear Skillet-Grilled Steak Done Right!", "prep": "10 mins", "cook": "22 mins", "additional": "2 hrs", "total": "2 hrs 32 mins", "servings": "2", "yield": "1 steak", "ingredients": ["1 (12 ounce) 1 1/2-inch thick rib eye steak, thawed", "\u00bc cup unsalted butter, melted", "2 tablespoons steak sauce (such as A1\u00ae)", "1 tablespoon grated garlic", "salt and ground black pepper to taste"], "steps": ["This a recipe and combination of cooking methods I've developed over a few years. This is the recipe I use to make the most flavorful, tender, and juicy piece of steak. Just make sure you get a nice thick cut with the best marbling you can find. No recipe in the world can fix a bad cut of beef... this just helps make that cut of beef be the best it can be.", "Place steak, butter, steak sauce, garlic, salt, and black pepper in a large resealable plastic bag; shake until marinade is well-mixed. Seal the plastic bag most of the way but keep one small corner open on one end.", "Fill a deep baking pan with warm water. Submerge plastic bag in the water slowly, allowing the pressure of the water to push all the air out and mold the bag around the steak. Seal the bag completely and let sit in the water, about 2 hours.", "Preheat oven to 235 degrees F (112 degrees C).", "Pour water out of the baking pan. Line pan with aluminum foil. Remove steak from the bag and place it on the pan. Pour marinade around steak. Gather sides of the aluminum foil into a tight ball around the steak.", "Bake in the preheated oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads 130 degrees F (54 degrees C) for medium, about 20 minutes.", "Remove steak from oven. Uncover and season both sides generously with salt and black pepper. Allow steak to rest.", "Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat. Place a cast iron skillet on the grill and heat to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C).", "Cook steak in the hot skillet until it forms a crust and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads 140 degrees F (60 degrees C) for medium, about 1 minute per side.", "You can add some herbs if you want.", "If you don't have a grill you can sear the steak under a broiler, about 2 minutes per side.", "About the cooking process: Slowly cooking the steak helps distribute the marinade and melt the fat. This also helps the steak cook evenly before searing. Remove steak from the oven when its internal temperature is 10 degrees below desired doneness to compensate for the extra heat it gets from the sear. Make sure you sear hot and fast to avoid over-cooking the steak. Sear outside if using a skillet as there will be a lot of smoke."], "nutrition facts": "441 calories; protein 19.4g; carbohydrates 3.8g; fat 38.8g; cholesterol 121.7mg; sodium 352.9mg"}