{"name": "Risotto ai Funghi Porcini in Pentola a Pressione (Porcini Mushroom Risotto)", "prep": "15 mins", "cook": "30 mins", "additional": "2 mins", "total": "47 mins", "servings": "4", "yield": "4 servings", "ingredients": ["4 ounces fresh porcini mushrooms", "3 cups beef stock", "\u00bc cup extra-virgin olive oil, divided", "1 clove garlic, crushed", "1 cup white wine, divided", "1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped, divided", "salt to taste", "1 spring onion, finely sliced", "1\u2009\u00bd cups Arborio rice", "\u00be cup grated Parmesan cheese", "2 tablespoons butter"], "steps": ["Porcini are the most flavorful mushrooms you can find. This risotto recipe explains how to make the risotto the traditional way, as well as in a pressure cooker. With a pressure cooker, you can have this authentic Italian risotto ready after just 4 minutes of cooking!", "Brush dirt off porcini mushrooms with a clean cloth or vegetable brush. Slice into bite-sized pieces.", "Pour beef stock into a saucepan over low heat. Cover and keep warm.", "Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Cook garlic until lightly golden, about 1 minute. Stir in mushrooms; cook until slightly softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in 1/2 cup wine; cook until alcohol evaporates, 3 to 5 minutes. Continue cooking until mushrooms are tender but still firm, adding a little beef stock if they look dry, about 10 minutes.", "Remove skillet from heat; sprinkle half the parsley over mushrooms. Season with salt. Cover and keep warm.", "Heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a stovetop pressure cooker. Cook spring onion until softened, about 1 minute. Add Arborio rice; cook and stir until toasted and coated with oil, 2 to 3 minutes. Increase heat and pour in remaining 1/2 cup wine; simmer until alcohol has evaporated and rice has absorbed most of the wine, about 2 minutes.", "Stir beef stock into the pressure cooker. Seal according to manufacturer's instructions. Increase heat to high; cook until cooker whistles, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and cook for 4 minutes.", "Remove cooker from heat and release pressure according to manufacturer's instructions. Remove the lid. Fold mushroom mixture, with 1 to 2 tablespoons cooking liquid, into the rice. Stir in Parmesan cheese and butter. Let stand for 2 to 3 minutes. Sprinkle remaining parsley on top.", "If porcini mushrooms are very dirty, pass quickly under running water. Dry well. Do not soak in water or they will get soggy.", "If using a regular pot, use 5 cups beef stock. Follow recipe above through step 5. Once the wine has been absorbed, reduce heat to medium and stir in warm stock 1 ladleful at a time, stirring after each addition until it is fully absorbed. The rice will take 18 to 20 minutes to cook fully. Five minutes before removing from the heat, stir in the porcini mushrooms with any pan juices. Continue to cook and stir until the rice is done, adding more beef stock if needed. Remove from heat; stir in Parmesan cheese and butter. Let stand for 2 to 3 minutes before serving, garnished with parsley.", "Make a vegetarian version by using vegetable stock and, if desired, a vegetarian Parmesan substitute."], "nutrition facts": "644 calories; protein 15.9g; carbohydrates 75.8g; fat 25g; cholesterol 28.5mg; sodium 388.6mg"}