{"name": "Rojo Salsa de Canning (Red Salsa for Canning)", "prep": "1 hr 30 mins", "cook": "30 mins", "additional": "4 hrs", "total": "5 hrs 60 mins", "servings": "100", "yield": "24 pints", "ingredients": ["10 pounds roma (plum) tomatoes", "3 tablespoons pickling salt", "2 (6 ounce) cans tomato paste", "6 large onions, chopped", "1 pound jalapeno peppers, chopped", "\u00be pound green chile peppers, chopped", "2 cups chopped fresh cilantro", "20 cloves garlic, minced", "24 (1 pint) canning jars with lids and rings", "1\u2009\u00bd cups fresh lime juice, divided"], "steps": ["This recipe was given to me by a very dear friend; we are godparents to each other's children. I remember when we were very young wives trying to can salsa all by ourselves. We laughed and had so much fun making our mess. This salsa has no vinegar in it, like several canning recipes call for. I am dedicating this recipe to the memory of my friend Toni.", "Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Working in batches, blanch tomatoes for one minute and immediately immerse tomatoes in ice water. Slip tomatoes out of skins, discard skins, and chop tomatoes. Transfer chopped tomatoes to a strainer set over a bowl and sprinkle with pickling salt. Drain at room temperature, at least 4 hours.", "Beat tomato paste with about 1 cup chopped tomatoes until mixture is smooth and free of lumps. Stir remaining chopped tomatoes, tomato paste mixture, onions, jalapenos, green chile peppers, cilantro, and garlic together in a large pot; bring salsa mixture to a boil.", "Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes.", "Pour 1 teaspoon lime juice into each pint jar. Pack hot salsa into jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.", "Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 20 minutes.", "Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.", "You'll need 3 to 4 heads of garlic to get 20 cloves. You can used chopped frozen green chiles instead of fresh. You may also substitute fresh lemon juice for the lime juice.", "My mother-in-law would sometimes freeze her tomatoes until she had enough to start canning. She blanched them first before she froze them."], "nutrition facts": "19 calories; protein 0.8g; carbohydrates 4.4g; fat 0.2g; sodium 239.7mg"}