{"name": "Savory Bacon Scones", "prep": "20 mins", "cook": "22 mins", "additional": "1 hr 15 mins", "total": "1 hr 57 mins", "servings": "8", "yield": "8 scones", "ingredients": ["\u00bd pound bacon", "1\u2009\u00be cups all-purpose flour", "1 tablespoon baking powder", "1 teaspoon baking powder", "10 tablespoons whole milk", "2 teaspoons whole milk", "1 egg yolk", "\u215b teaspoon maple syrup"], "steps": ["I've been trying a variety of scones lately at the local cafes but they're usually sweet. I decided to develop a recipe for a savory scone that I think fits the bill nicely. This version makes eight small (2 1/2-inch in diameter) hemispheres with a bacon center in each. The recipe as written requires that you cool the bacon grease so it's helpful to cook and cut the bacon the day before and finish the scones the next day. I like to minimize the kitchen mess so I've optimized the dough-related work to be in the bowl rather than on the countertop.", "Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon grease into a small glass container and chill until set, at least 1 hour. Cut bacon strips into 1/4-inch slices.", "Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.", "Combine flour and 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon baking powder in a large bowl. Measure out 6 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons chilled bacon grease into the bowl. Knead grease into the flour mixture with one hand, turning bowl with the other, until dough is crumbly.", "Make a well in the center of the dough and slowly pour in 10 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons milk. Mix with one hand until milk is incorporated and dough feels wet to the touch. Form dough into a thick disc. Cut into 16 equal-sized pieces with a knife.", "Roll dough into individual balls and place them on the baking sheet. Flatten them into circles about 2 1/2 inches in diameter. Place a tablespoon of bacon slices in the center of 8 circles. Top with remaining circles of dough. Seal so that the top circle meets the bottom using your fingertips.", "Whisk egg yolk with maple syrup in a bowl; brush over sides and top of each scone. Let scones rest, about 15 minutes.", "Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes.", "Place a clean towel on a plate, transfer scones to the towel and fold towel over to keep warm.", "Once cooled, you can store the scones in a resealable plastic bag for a couple of days either in the refrigerator or at room temperature. They can be reheated in the microwave for about 45 seconds to a minute."], "nutrition facts": "158 calories; protein 6.6g; carbohydrates 21.8g; fat 4.7g; cholesterol 35.9mg; sodium 459.6mg"}