{"name": "Seafood Ceviche", "prep": "30 mins", "cook": "10 mins", "additional": "1 day", "total": "1 day", "servings": "12", "yield": "12 servings", "ingredients": ["3 large tomatoes", "4 jalapeno peppers", "\u00bd onion", "2 tablespoons olive oil, or as needed", "1 pound shrimp - peeled, deveined, and chopped", "1 pound halibut, diced", "\u00bd pound small bay scallops", "1 cup lime juice", "1 cup tomato juice", "\u00be cup fresh squeezed orange juice (orange halves reserved)", "\u00bc cup lemon juice", "6 green onions, finely chopped", "3 large fresh jalapeno peppers, seeded and finely chopped", "2 avocados, diced", "1 tomato, diced", "salt and ground black pepper to taste"], "steps": ["This is an excellent recipe for real ceviche. For those of you who love ceviche, you know that good ceviche takes a little effort. I use the freshest seafood and produce from the local fine food market. For those of you who are not familiar with ceviche, it is an extremely refreshing cold seafood soup. It may sound weird, but it is awesome! Serve in half-orange bowl or martini glass.", "Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.", "Put whole tomatoes, whole jalapeno peppers, and onion in a large bowl; drizzle olive oil over the vegetables and stir to coat. Spread vegetables onto the prepared baking sheet.", "Cook under the preheated broiler until the skin of the peppers and tomatoes has blackened and blistered, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer peppers and tomatoes to a bowl and tightly seal bowl with plastic wrap. Steam peppers as they cool, about 20 minutes. Remove and discard skins and seeds.", "Make an ice bath in a large bowl set in the sink.", "Bring a pot of water to a boil. Lightly blanche shrimp, halibut, and scallops in boiling water for 1 minute; drain and immediately plunge into the ice bath until chilled completely. Drain seafood mixture well and transfer to a large glass bowl.", "Blend roasted tomatoes, roasted jalapeno peppers, roasted onion, lime juice, tomato juice, orange juice, and lemon juice in a blender until smooth; pour over the seafood mixture, cover bowl with plastic wrap, and marinate in refrigerator at least 24 hours.", "Mix green onions, chopped jalapeno peppers, avocados, and diced tomato together in a small bowl; stir into the seafood mixture. Season with salt and pepper.", "The last four ingredients are simply pico de gallo and avocado which are added after the 24 cooking process."], "nutrition facts": "208 calories; protein 20.6g; carbohydrates 12.4g; fat 9.1g; cholesterol 75.9mg; sodium 168.8mg"}