{"name": "Smoked Turkey and Spring Pea Fettuccine", "prep": "20 mins", "cook": "15 mins", "total": "35 mins", "servings": "4", "yield": "4 small servings", "ingredients": ["1 tablespoon olive oil", "1 tablespoon minced garlic", "1 tablespoon minced shallot", "6 ounces smoked turkey, cut into strips", "1\u2009\u00be cups heavy whipping cream", "salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste", "1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste", "8 ounces fettuccine", "\u00bd cup green peas", "2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves", "1 teaspoon lemon zest", "1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, or to taste - divided"], "steps": ["This rich and creamy smoked turkey and spring pea fettuccine recipe is inspired by a pasta I learned long ago working at my first real chef job in San Francisco. There's just something very special about the way the creamy, slightly sweet, aromatic sauce pairs with the smoky meat.", "Set a heavy skillet over medium heat and pour olive oil into the skillet. Cook and stir garlic and shallot in the hot oil until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add smoked turkey to skillet; cook and stir until heated, about 1 minute.", "Pour heavy cream into the skillet and raise heat to medium-high; bring sauce to a boil. Season with salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until sauce has thickened slightly, about 5 minutes.", "Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Stir in the fettuccine, bring back to a boil, and cook pasta over medium heat until cooked through but still firm to the bite, 7 to 8 minutes. Drain.", "Turn heat under cream sauce to low and stir in peas; toss fettuccine with sauce until coated. Mix in tarragon and lemon zest and cook until flavors have blended, about 1 minute. Adjust seasonings if desired. Serve in bowls and sprinkle each serving with about 3/4 teaspoon Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese for garnish.", "If sauce is too thick, add 1 to 2 tablespoons of pasta-cooking water.", "For a vegetarian version, use pan-fried mushrooms in place of turkey and cook them with a pinch of smoked paprika for a smoky taste."], "nutrition facts": "661 calories; protein 18.9g; carbohydrates 49.2g; fat 44.4g; cholesterol 158.6mg; sodium 475.8mg"}