{"name": "Snowball Truffles", "prep": "40 mins", "additional": "30 mins", "total": "70 mins", "servings": "36", "yield": "36 truffles", "ingredients": ["1 cup finely shredded unsweetened coconut", "5 tablespoons So Delicious\u00ae Dairy Free Original Coconut Milk", "\u00bd packet stevia powder", "1\u2009\u00bd cups ground raw almonds", "\u00bd cup cacao powder", "\u00bc cup chocolate protein powder", "\u00bc teaspoon sea salt", "12 dates pitted dates, chopped", "1 teaspoon vanilla extract", "4 tablespoons coconut oil (melted if solid)", "1\u2009\u00bd cups finely shredded unsweetened coconut, for rolling truffles"], "steps": ["As a kid I loved those snowball cakes, the chocolate cake ones with a creamy filling covered in marshmallow and coconut! These snowball truffles are a healthier version using the flavors I especially love--the chocolate and coconut! They make a delicious holiday treat!", "Coconut filling: Blend coconut, coconut milk, vanilla, and sweetener together. Refrigerate for about 10 minutes. Form chilled mixture into balls (about 1/2 teaspoon mixture each). Balls should be about the size of a small marble. Refrigerate or freeze coconut balls until ready to be wrapped in the chocolate truffle mixture.", "Chocolate truffles: Process nuts to a coarse crumb texture in a food processor. Add the cacao powder, protein powder, and salt; pulse until combined. Add vanilla and half of the dates; pulse until combined. Add remaining dates and coconut oil. Pulse until the mixture is well blended and sticks together when pressed between your fingers. Divide into 36 balls, about 1 teaspoon each (form the same number as the coconut balls).", "Flatten the chocolate balls so they can be molded around the coconut balls. Sprinkle coconut on a plate or in a bowl. Roll balls in coconut and place on a rimmed cookie sheet or shallow container in a single layer. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes. After truffles have set, enjoy immediately or store in an airtight container in the refrigerator or freezer. They will keep longer in the freezer (up to a month), or 2 weeks in the refrigerator. Enjoy!", "Blog: A Whisk and Two Wands -\u00a0http://awhiskandtwowands.com/snowball-truffles/", "Rubbing a drop of coconut oil on your palms can help when you're forming the truffles.", "If the dough gets stiff, microwave it for 5 to 10 seconds to warm slightly so it's easier to work with.", "If your coconut is really dry like ours was you can put coconut oil or a little of the canned coconut on your hands, just to lightly coat and roll the balls before covering with coconut to help it stick."], "nutrition facts": "113 calories; protein 2.9g; carbohydrates 6g; fat 9.6g; sodium 22.3mg"}