{"name": "Sous Vide New York Strip Steak", "prep": "10 mins", "cook": "2 hrs 45 mins", "total": "2 hrs 55 mins", "servings": "2", "yield": "2 servings", "ingredients": ["2 (12 ounce) New York strip steaks", "salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste", "1 teaspoon vegetable oil", "1 tablespoon butter", "1 cup clamshell mushrooms, separated", "salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste", "1 teaspoon vegetable oil", "1 clove garlic, crushed", "2 tablespoons water", "\u00bd teaspoon balsamic vinegar", "1 tablespoon cold butter", "salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste"], "steps": ["The real advantage to this technique is the fact that you're guaranteeing a perfect medium-rare. If you've never had any luck getting large, expensive hunks of steak cooked to your idea of perfection, then this is the way to go.", "Fill a large Dutch oven about 2/3 full with water. Bring water to 130 degrees F (54 degrees C) over medium heat. Attach a candy/oil thermometer to the side of the Dutch oven in order to monitor and maintain the water temperature.", "Generously season steaks with salt and black pepper. Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over high heat. Place steaks in skillet and cook until just browned, 1 minute per side. Transfer steaks to a resealable plastic bag, squeeze out all air, and seal.", "Place plastic bag containing steaks in the Dutch oven, adjusting the heat as necessary to maintain the temperature at 130 degrees F (54 degrees C). Cook for 2 1/2 hours, moving the bag around occasionally and maintaining the temperature.", "While the steaks are cooking, heat 1 tablespoon butter in the skillet over medium-low heat. Add mushrooms; cook, stirring, until mushrooms are soft, 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate and set aside.", "Remove steaks from plastic bag (reserving any accumulated juices) and pat dry. Generously season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 teaspoon vegetable oil in the skillet over high heat. Place steaks in skillet and cook to form a crust, 2 minutes per side. Transfer steaks to a plate.", "Stir garlic and reserved mushrooms into skillet, reduce heat to medium, and cook until mushrooms are reheated, 2 minutes. Stir in reserved juices, water, and balsamic vinegar. Remove from heat.", "Stir in 1 tablespoon cold butter until completely melted and incorporated. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Spoon sauce over steaks and serve."], "nutrition facts": "638 calories; protein 74.9g; carbohydrates 2.3g; fat 34.9g; cholesterol 231.1mg; sodium 518.4mg"}