{"name": "Spicy Tequila Sunrise Chicken Wings", "prep": "10 mins", "cook": "30 mins", "additional": "4 hrs", "total": "4 hrs 40 mins", "servings": "6", "yield": "2 pounds wings", "ingredients": ["1 (10 ounce) jar prepared jalapeno pepper jelly", "1 cup orange juice", "1 cup tequila", "2 pounds chicken wings", "\u00bd gallon vegetable oil for frying", "\u00bd cup butter", "\u00bc cup Thai-style chili sauce"], "steps": ["This is a recipe that I made up for a bunch of hungry guys that where watching football one afternoon with my husband. They loved them so much that they actually paid more attention to the wings than the game for 15 minutes! For milder sauce use mild chili sauce instead of Thai. Serve with celery and ranch or blue cheese dressing.", "Whisk jalapeno pepper jelly, orange juice, and tequila together in a bowl until smooth; pour into a large resealable plastic bag. Add chicken wings, coat with the marinade, squeeze to remove excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator 4 hours to overnight.", "Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).", "Remove chicken wings from the marinade and shake to remove excess moisture. Blot wings dry with paper towel. Discard the remaining marinade.", "Fry chicken wings in batches in hot oil until golden brown on the outside and no longer pink on the inside, 10 to 15 minutes per batch. Drain on a wire baking rack.", "Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir chili sauce into the melted butter until the color is consistent; pour into a large stainless steel bowl. Add chicken wings and toss to coat in the sauce.", "The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of the marinade ingredients. The actual amount of the marinade consumed will vary.", "We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used."], "nutrition facts": "704 calories; protein 11.9g; carbohydrates 36.1g; fat 48.2g; cholesterol 72.5mg; sodium 591.2mg"}