{"id": "230046", "imgUrl": "https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F917922.jpg", "name": "Sweet Potato Gnudi with Sage Butter", "prep": "1 hr", "cook": "40 mins", "additional": "1 hr 30 mins", "total": "3 hrs 10 mins", "servings": "8", "yield": "8 servings", "ingredients": ["2 sweet potatoes", "2 egg yolks", "1 cup ricotta cheese", "\u00be cup finely shredded Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese", "1 teaspoon salt", "\u00bc teaspoon ground black pepper", "\u00bd teaspoon ground nutmeg", "\u00bd cup all-purpose flour, or more as needed", "\u00bd cup semolina flour, or more as needed", "\u00bd cup unsalted butter", "10 whole fresh sage leaves", "1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves", "2 tablespoons shredded Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, or to taste"], "db": " 2 sweet potatoes 2 egg yolks 1 cup ricotta cheese \u00be cup finely shredded Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese 1 teaspoon salt \u00bc teaspoon ground black pepper \u00bd teaspoon ground nutmeg \u00bd cup all-purpose flour, or more as needed \u00bd cup semolina flour, or more as needed \u00bd cup unsalted butter 10 whole fresh sage leaves 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves 2 tablespoons shredded Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, or to taste", "steps": ["'Gnudi' (or 'naked' ravioli without a pasta jacket) are tender dumplings simmered like gnocchi and, when made with sweet potatoes and finished in sage butter, present beautifully for a delicious autumn dish. You may need to add more flour--but less is better.", "Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).", "Roast sweet potatoes in the preheated oven until tender, about 1 hour; set aside until cool enough to handle.", "Halve cooled sweet potatoes lengthwise and scoop the flesh from the peels. Discard potato peels. Mash the sweet potato flesh on a work surface and allow to rest for at least 30 minutes to cool and release moisture.", "Transfer mashed sweet potatoes to a bowl and mix with egg yolks, ricotta cheese, and 3/4 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese. Stir in salt, black pepper, and nutmeg. Add flour gradually to the sweet potato mixture until the dough holds together. Start with 1/4 cup each semolina flour and all-purpose flour, adding more as you need to.", "Scoop dough by teaspoonful and roll into marble-size balls. Sprinkle a baking sheet generously with semolina flour and place gnudi onto the prepared baking sheet. Refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight for best texture.", "Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Reduce heat to low and let the water simmer. Gently drop gnudi, about 12 at a time, into the simmering water and cook until they rise to the surface, about 4 minutes. Simmer for 4 more minutes and remove with a slotted spoon. Keep boiled gnudi warm while you finish cooking remaining batches.", "Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat and cook whole sage leaves until they wilt and are beginning to brown, about 2 minutes; remove leaves. Retain butter in skillet. Stir chopped sage into the hot butter and cook until the butter begins to brown and give off a nutty fragrance, about 2 minutes. Gently mix the gnudi into the butter and sage until gnudi are coated. Garnish with whole sage leaves and sprinkle with 2 tablespoons Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese to serve.", "The gnudi really benefit from a long refrigeration time, especially if the dough didn't need a lot of flour. I use a generous amount of semolina flour to keep them from sticking to each other."], "nutrition facts": "273 calories; protein 7.2g; carbohydrates 27.2g; fat 15.3g; cholesterol 88mg; sodium 481.9mg"}