{"name": "Sweet Potato Pie Ice Cream", "prep": "15 mins", "additional": "8 hrs", "total": "8 hrs 15 mins", "servings": "16", "yield": "16 servings", "ingredients": ["2 cups heavy whipping cream", "\u00bd cup white sugar", "1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk", "4 egg yolks", "1 (29 ounce) can sweet potatoes (such as Bruce's Yams\u00ae), drained", "\u00bc teaspoon ground cinnamon, or to taste", "1 (4 ounce) package prepared mini graham cracker crusts"], "steps": ["If you like sweet potato pie, then you will love this. This ice cream is rich and creamy like that of professional ice cream parlors. I also make mini ice cream pies with it and they are great. When I make this most people are afraid to try it, but when they finally try it the ice cream disappears. I have people ask me to make it all the time.", "Beat cream in a large bowl until foamy. Gradually add sugar, continuing to beat until stiff peaks form. Lift your beater or whisk straight up: the cream should form a sharp peak. Add sweetened condensed milk and egg yolks; beat until well mixed. Slowly beat sweet potatoes into cream mixture until well blended. Stir in cinnamon.", "Crumble graham cracker crusts into the sweet potato mixture; pour into an ice cream maker and freeze according to manufacturer's directions until it reaches 'soft-serve' consistency, about 6 hours. Transfer ice cream to a lidded plastic container; cover surface with plastic wrap and seal. For best results, ice cream should ripen in the freezer for at least 2 hours or overnight.", "You can also make this recipe into sweet potato ice cream pie. Spoon sweet potato mixture into the mini graham cracker crusts. Place in freezer until it sets. This usually takes 2-3 hours since they are miniature pies. You will have ice cream batter left over. Place in the tin and freeze for 6 hours. You may choose to make more pies with the left over batter, but I have found some people like to eat the ice cream out of the pies and then get seconds before they eat the crust."], "nutrition facts": "299 calories; protein 4g; carbohydrates 35.8g; fat 16.1g; cholesterol 100.3mg; sodium 107.2mg"}