{"name": "Tofu Piccata", "prep": "15 mins", "cook": "15 mins", "additional": "1 day", "total": "1 day", "servings": "4", "yield": "4 servings", "ingredients": ["1 (12 ounce) package extra-firm tofu, drained", "10 marinated artichoke hearts, marinade reserved", "2 tablespoons capers, or more to taste, brine reserved", "\u00bd cup bread crumbs", "1 tablespoon olive oil, or as needed", "2 tablespoons lemon juice, or more to taste", "\u00bd cup water"], "steps": ["I am experimenting with non-meat dishes. I love chicken piccata and decided to try it with tofu. It is great the first day, but 3 days later, it's heavenly.", "Place tofu in a resealable plastic bag; freeze until completely solid, at least 24 hours. Defrost tofu in the refrigerator or a bowl of cold water.", "Slice tofu into 1/4- to 1/2-inch-thick pieces. Gently squeeze each slice to release water.", "Whisk 2 to 4 tablespoons artichoke heart marinade and about 1 teaspoon caper brine together in a bowl; pour enough over each tofu piece so that it absorbs the marinade.", "Place bread crumbs in a bowl. Press each tofu piece into the bread crumbs until evenly coated.", "Heat olive oil in a skillet; cook tofu until lightly browned, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer tofu to a plate, reserving oil mixture in the skillet.", "Cut artichoke hearts into small pieces. Add artichoke hearts, capers, lemon juice to oil mixture in skillet; pour in water. Bring liquid to a boil, add tofu, and simmer until sauce has thickened, about 10 minutes.", "Be sure to freeze the tofu. The tofu texture changes into a more meat-like texture after freezing.", "You may also boil the tofu in water on the stove. This will also change the texture of the tofu into a more meaty texture. This also makes the process quicker if you do not defrost the tofu ahead of time. If you boil the tofu, cool it in cold water before slicing it. Proceed with the remainder of the recipe. Marinating the tofu is an essential step, and it helps disguise the tofu flavor.", "Canned artichoke hearts can be used in place of marinated. Cracker crumbs can be used in place of bread crumbs. Chicken broth or wine can be used in place of the water."], "nutrition facts": "169 calories; protein 10g; carbohydrates 15.9g; fat 8.1g; sodium 445.7mg"}