{"name": "Tonya's Rich and Creamy Beef Stroganoff", "prep": "20 mins", "cook": "55 mins", "total": "75 mins", "servings": "6", "yield": "6 servings", "ingredients": ["\u00bd cup butter", "1 large onion, chopped", "\u00be pound fresh mushrooms, sliced", "1 pound beef sirloin, cut into 1-inch cubes", "1 (10.5 ounce) can condensed beef consomme with gelatin added, divided", "3 cloves garlic, minced", "3 tablespoons ketchup", "2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce", "1 teaspoon salt, or to taste", "\u00bd teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste", "3 dashes hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco\u00ae), or to taste", "2 tablespoons all-purpose flour", "1 (8 ounce) container sour cream"], "steps": ["A rich, creamy stroganoff that's even better reheated the next day. This recipe started from an old cookbook of my mother's. It's evolved over the years and is now a family favorite. This recipe easily doubles or triples for larger groups or freezing. Serve over hot cooked extra-wide egg noodles.", "Melt butter in a large heavy pot over medium-high heat; cook and stir onion until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in mushrooms and continue to cook and stir until mushrooms are soft and liquid has evaporated, about 5 more minutes. Transfer onion and mushrooms to a bowl.", "Cook and stir beef sirloin cubes in the same skillet over medium heat until the cubes are browned on all sides and liquid has evaporated, about 10 minutes.", "Pour 2/3 of the beef consomme into the skillet; scrape up and dissolve any brown bits from the bottom of the skillet. Bring mixture to a boil; set remaining consomme aside.", "Mix in garlic, ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, salt, black pepper, and hot sauce. Reduce heat to low and simmer beef mixture until tender, at least 30 minutes. Simmer longer for more tender beef.", "Whisk remaining 1/3 can beef consomme with flour in a small bowl until smooth; stir into the beef mixture, return to a boil, and simmer the meat and sauce until thickened, 2 to 3 more minutes. Stir in cooked onion and mushrooms and cook until heated through.", "Remove from heat, stir in sour cream, and serve.", "Cheaper cuts of meat also work well as long as they are allowed to simmer for several hours. The simmering can be done in a slow cooker, but you must cook the onions and mushrooms and brown the meat until juices are gone first, then transfer to the cooker.", "For those who aren't huge onion fans, dice the onions into very small pieces. They will almost completely disappear in the sauce once completed. For a tangier sauce, add extra Worcestershire.", "To make ahead and freeze, stop preparation before adding the sour cream. Once thawed, heat until almost boiling, then remove from heat and add sour cream just before serving. Leftovers are even better than the first round. Mix the noodles with the sauce and refrigerate. Make sure you have enough sauce as the noodles will absorb more in the fridge. When reheating, you can add a little milk to keep it moist."], "nutrition facts": "386 calories; protein 18.7g; carbohydrates 12.1g; fat 29.9g; cholesterol 97.5mg; sodium 959.5mg"}