{"name": "Troy's Korean Glazed Chicken Breast with Kimchee Fried Rice", "prep": "20 mins", "cook": "18 mins", "total": "38 mins", "servings": "2", "yield": "2 servings", "ingredients": ["2 skin-on, boneless chicken breasts", "salt and ground black pepper to taste", "\u00bc cup peanut oil, divided", "\u00bc cup Korean barbeque sauce", "1 slice fully cooked luncheon meat (such as SPAM\u00ae), cubed", "1 tablespoon butter, or more to taste", "\u00bd cup chopped napa cabbage kimchee", "\u00bc cup chopped pickled carrot and daikon radish (Optional)", "2 cups cooked white rice, cooled", "1 tablespoon soy-based liquid seasoning (such as Maggi\u00ae)", "2 teaspoons soy sauce", "1 tablespoon dried garlic flakes", "2 tablespoons gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste), or to taste", "1 tablespoon mayonnaise, or to taste", "1 teaspoon Sriracha hot sauce, or to taste", "1 green onion, chopped"], "steps": ["Kimchee gives fried rice a nice spicy kick in this chicken recipe perfect for busy weeknights. Serve with a spicy mayo for extra heat. This recipe is made in a Panasonic CIO and appears on an episode of the Dinner Spinner TV Show on The CW!", "Place chicken breasts on a solid, level surface. Pound with a meat tenderizer to an even thickness; season with salt and pepper and toss with 2 tablespoons peanut oil until evenly coated.", "Heat a cast iron or heavy skillet over medium heat. Place chicken in heated skillet and cook until no longer pink in the center, about 4 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Brush barbeque sauce on top of chicken. Cover skillet and cook until chicken is glazed, about 1 minute per side. Transfer chicken to a plate and cover with aluminum foil to keep warm.", "(A countertop induction oven can be used in place of the skillet to cook the chicken. Preheat the oven with the grill pan inside on the grill setting. Grill chicken on medium until no longer pink in the center, about 4 minutes per side. Brush barbeque sauce on top of chicken and return to oven; cook until chicken is glazed, about 1 minute per side.)", "Wipe skillet with a paper towel. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons peanut oil over medium heat. Add luncheon meat; cook and stir until browned and crisp, 3 to 5 minutes.", "Divide fried rice among serving plates. Slice chicken breasts; arrange over rice.", "Mix mayonnaise and Sriracha hot sauce together in a small bowl; spoon over chicken. Sprinkle green onion on top.", "Use galbi or bulgogi barbeque sauce.", "Substitute chopped pickled daikon radish for the carrot, if desired.", "Substitute 2 tablespoons chopped cooked bacon or ham for the luncheon meat, if desired.", "Substitute Sempio(R) Yondu seasoning or Knorr(R) liquid seasoning for the Maggi(R), if preferred."], "nutrition facts": "859 calories; protein 33.6g; carbohydrates 73.1g; fat 47.4g; cholesterol 97.4mg; sodium 2013.5mg"}