{"name": "Uncle D's Sweet Piccalilli (Green Tomato Relish)", "prep": "40 mins", "cook": "20 mins", "total": "60 mins", "servings": "48", "yield": "48 servings", "ingredients": ["3 cups apple cider vinegar", "3 cups white sugar", "2 tablespoons salt", "1 tablespoon mustard seed", "1 tablespoon dried basil", "6 cups seeded and finely chopped green tomatoes", "2 cups finely chopped red bell peppers", "2 cups finely chopped red onion", "2 cups finely chopped Granny Smith apples", "8 4-ounce canning jars with lids and rings"], "steps": ["Not sure what to do with the last of those green tomatoes from your garden? This recipe will use 'em up and the result is a tasty relish that is flavorful and can be used in place of sweet pickle relish. It can also be used like a side chutney for pork chops or sausage. Makes a great fall/harvest gift for friends and neighbors too.", "Combine vinegar, sugar, salt, mustard seed, and basil in a large pot; bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes. Stir green tomatoes, red bell peppers, red onion, and Granny Smith apples into vinegar mixture; boil vigorously, stirring occasionally, until vegetables have softened and relish flavors have blended, 15 to 20 minutes.", "Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack relish into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.", "Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for about 10 minutes.", "Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.", "You can finely chop the vegetables and apple in the food processor. Squeeze out excess juice after processing."], "nutrition facts": "65 calories; protein 0.5g; carbohydrates 15.6g; fat 0.1g; sodium 295mg"}