{"name": "Wasabi and Soy Sauce Hummus", "prep": "15 mins", "additional": "1 hr", "total": "1 hr 15 mins", "servings": "6", "yield": "6 servings", "ingredients": ["1 (15 ounce) can chickpeas (garbanzo beans), drained with liquid reserved", "3 tablespoons soy sauce", "2 tablespoons olive oil, or more to taste", "2 tablespoons lemon juice", "1 tablespoon tahini (Optional)", "1 tablespoon wasabi powder", "1 clove garlic", "\u00bc teaspoon ground black pepper"], "steps": ["A healthy hummus, with a sushi-like twist! This is my first ever published recipe, so please be honest and kind in your comments! For my first batch I tried adding a sheet of nori (seaweed). I do not recommend this, unless you REALLY like the flavor of nori, as it completely overpowered the other flavors. Maybe some small slices on top, as a garnish? I've found that this recipe makes a nice condiment on sandwiches, too!", "Combine about 1/2 the chickpeas, soy sauce, olive oil, lemon juice, tahini, wasabi powder, garlic, and black pepper in a blender; blend until smooth, scraping down the sides of the blender bowl with a spatula to assure ingredients fully integrated. Scrape mixture into a bowl.", "Put remaining chickpeas into the blender, reserving 5 to 7 individual beans for later use. Blend until smooth, adding reserved liquid from the cans if moisture is needed to get them smooth; add to the prior batch and stir.", "Make a shallow pool in the center of the hummus with the back of a spoon; garnish with reserved chickpeas and a small amount of olive oil.", "Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour.", "This recipe is 'medium' hot. For a more mild hummus, use 2 teaspoons of powdered wasabi. For spicier hummus, use your own judgement!", "I like my hummus somewhat thick and very creamy, but be aware that blending a mixture that is too thick, or for too long, can overheat your blender's motor, which can damage the blender. Try adding more liquid, if necessary."], "nutrition facts": "119 calories; protein 3.4g; carbohydrates 12.9g; fat 6.4g; sodium 595.9mg"}