{"name": "Zucchini Casserole with Mint and Parsley", "prep": "15 mins", "cook": "45 mins", "total": "60 mins", "servings": "8", "yield": "8 servings", "ingredients": ["4 zucchini, halved lengthwise", "\u00bc cup olive oil", "3 sweet onions, chopped", "\u00bd teaspoon salt, or to taste", "\u00bc teaspoon ground black pepper, or to taste", "1 cup short-grain white rice", "1 (16 ounce) can diced tomatoes, drained and juice reserved", "1 cup water, or more as needed", "2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, or more to taste", "1 cup chopped fresh parsley", "3 tablespoons Chardonnay wine", "\u00bd (14 ounce) package little smoked sausages, diced"], "steps": ["This dish was inspired by 2 enormous zucchinis given to us by our neighbors. When split in half they were too large for my deep lasagna casserole dish! After reading several different recipes, I opted to try for a variation on my stuffed bell pepper recipe and the result was heavenly. Granddaughters 4 and 8 asked for seconds! This recipe can also be vegetarian; just omit the meat.", "Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease the inside of a casserole dish.", "Scoop pulp from the center of each zucchini half, leaving a 1/2-inch deep shell. Chop pulp and reserve. Place zucchini shells in a pot of lightly salted water; bring to a boil. Cook until zucchini are slightly tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and arrange zucchini in bottom of prepared casserole dish.", "Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir onions and zucchini pulp until onions are softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper. Add rice and reserved juice from canned tomatoes; cook until liquid is nearly evaporated, stirring regularly, about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes and stir to combine.", "Stir water in 1/2 cup increments into rice mixture until rice has absorbed all the water and is almost tender, 10 to 15 more minutes. Add mint, parsley, wine, and sausages; cook until heated through and rice is tender, adding additional water if needed, 5 to 10 minutes. Spoon rice mixture over zucchini halves in casserole dish.", "Bake casserole in preheated oven until zucchini are tender, about 20 minutes.", "The amount of squash depends on the size of your casserole dish. Use enough to fill it. I used a large lasagna dish. The meat will fill an entire layer above the squash making it more like a layer casserole than just stuffed zucchinis.", "Meat can be omitted or substituted with ground lamb, beef, chicken, or other. I made this in the morning so I wouldn't have to cook during the heat of the day, and individual servings reheated nicely in the microwave."], "nutrition facts": "251 calories; protein 6.6g; carbohydrates 24.5g; fat 13.9g; cholesterol 15.4mg; sodium 491.7mg"}